
My reason for writing stories is to give myself the satisfaction of visualising more 
clearly and detailedly and stably the vague, elusive, fragmentary impressions of 
wonder, beauty, and adventurous expectancy which are conveyed to me by 
certain sights (scenic, architectural, atmospheric, etc.), ideas, occurrences, and 
images encountered in art and literature. I choose weird stories because they suit 
my inclination best - one of my strongest and most persistent wishes being to 
achieve, momentarily, the illusion of some strange suspension or violation of the 
galling limitations of time, space, and natural law which forever imprison us and 
frustrate our curiosity about the infinite cosmic spaces beyond the radius of our 
sight and analysis. These stories frequently emphasise the element of horror 
because fear is our deepest and strongest emotion, and the one which best lends 
itself to the creation of Nature-defying illusions. Horror and the unknown or the 
strange are always closely connected, so that it is hard to create a convincing 
picture of shattered natural law or cosmic alienage or "outsideness" without 
laying stress on the emotion of fear. The reason why time plays a great part in so 
many of my tales is that this element looms up in my mind as the most 
profoundly dramatic and grimly terrible thing in the universe. Conflict with time 
seems to me the most potent and fruitful theme in all human expression. 

While my chosen form of story-writing is obviously a special and perhaps a 
narrow one, it is none the less a persistent and permanent type of expression, as 
old as literature itself. There will always be a certain small percentage of persons 
who feel a burning curiosity about unknown outer space, and a burning desire to 
escape from the prison-house of the known and the real into those enchanted 
lands of incredible adventure and infinite possibilities which dreams open up to 
us, and which things like deep woods, fantastic urban towers, and flaming 
sunsets momentarily suggest. These persons include great authors as well as 
insignificant amateurs like myself - Dunsany, Poe, Arthur Machen, M. R. James, 
Algernon Blackwood, and Walter de la Mare being typical masters in this field. 

As to how I write a story - there is no one way. Each one of my tales has a 
different history. Once or twice I have literally written out a dream; but usually I 
start with a mood or idea or image which I wish to express, and revolve it in my 
mind until I can think of a good way of embodying it in some chain of dramatic 
occurrences capable of being recorded in concrete terms. I tend to run through a 
mental list of the basic conditions or situations best adapted to such a mood or 
idea or image, and then begin to speculate on logical and naturally motivated 



explanations of the given mood or idea or image in terms of the basic condition 
or situation chosen. 

The actual process of writing is of course as varied as the choice of theme and 
initial conception; but if the history of all my tales were analysed, it is just 
possible that the following set of rules might be deduced from the average 
procedure: 

1) Prepare a synopsis or scenario of events in the order of their absolute 
occurrence - not the order of their narration. Describe with enough fulness to 
cover all vital points and motivate all incidents planned. Details, comments, and 
estimates of consequences are sometimes desirable in this temporary framework 

2) Prepare a second synopsis or scenario of events - this one in order of narration 
(not actual occurrence), with ample fulness and detail, and with notes as to 
changing perspective, stresses, and climax. Change the original synopsis to fit if 
such a change will increase the dramatic force or general effectiveness of the 
story. Interpolate or delete incidents at will - never being bound by the original 
conception even if the ultimate result be a tale wholly different from that first 
planned. Let additions and alterations be made whenever suggested by anything 
in the for mulating process. 

3) Write out the story - rapidly, fluently, and not too critically - following the 
second or narrative-order synopsis. Change incidents and plot whenever the 
developing process seems to suggest such change, never being bound by any 
previous design. If the development suddenly reveals new opportunities for 
dramatic effect or vivid story telling, add whatever is thought advantageous - 
going back and reconciling the early parts to the new plan. Insert and delete 
whole sections if necessary or desirable, trying different beginnings and endings 
until the best arrangement is found. But be sure that all references throughout 
the story are thoroughly reconciled with the final design. Remove all possible 
superfluities - words, sentences, paragraphs, or whole episodes or elements - 
observing the usual precautions about the reconciling of all references. 

4) Revise the entire text, paying attention to vocabulary, syntax, rhythm of prose, 
proportioning of parts, niceties of tone, grace and convincingness of transitions 
(scene to scene, slow and detailed action to rapid and sketchy time-covering 
action and vice versa... etc., etc., etc.), effectiveness of beginning, ending, 
climaxes, etc., dramatic suspense and interest, plausibility and atmosphere, and 
various other elements. 

5) Prepare a neatly typed copy - not hesitating to add final revisory touches 
where they seem in order. 



The first of these stages is often purely a mental one - a set of conditions and 
happenings being worked out in my head, and never set down until I am ready 
to prepare a detailed synopsis of events in order of narration. Then, too, I 
sometimes begin even the actual writing before I know how I shall develop the 
idea - this beginning forming a problem to be motivated and exploited. 

There are, I think, four distinct types of weird story; one expressing a mood or 
feeling, another expressing a pictorial conception, a third expressing a general 
situation, condition, legend or intellectual conception, and a fourth explaining a 
definite tableau or specific dramatic situation or climax. In another way, weird 
tales may be grouped into two rough categories - those in which the marvel or 
horror concerns some condition or phenomenon, and those in which it concerns 
some action of persons in connexion with a bizarre condition or phenomenon. 

Each weird story - to speak more particularly of the horror type - seems to 
involve five definite elements: (a) some basic, underlying horror or abnormality - 
condition, entity, etc. - , (b) the general effects or bearings of the horror, (c) the 
mode of manifestation - object embodying the horror and phenomena observed - 
, (d) the types of fear-reaction pertaining to the horror, and (e) the specific effects 
of the horror in relation to the given set of conditions. 

In writing a weird story I always try very carefully to achieve the right mood and 
atmosphere, and place the emphasis where it belongs. One cannot, except in 
immature pulp charlatan-fiction, present an account of impossible, improbable, 
or inconceivable phenomena as a commonplace narrative of objective acts and 
conventional emotions. Inconceivable events and conditions have a special 
handicap to over come, and this can be accomplished only through the 
maintenance of a careful realism in every phase of the story except that touching 
on the one given marvel. This marvel must be treated very impressively and 
deliberately - with a careful emotional "build-up" - else it will seem flat and 
unconvincing. Being the principal thing in the story, its mere existence should 
overshadow the characters and events. But the characters and events must be 
consistent and natural except where they touch the single marvel. In relation to 
the central wonder, the characters should shew the same overwhelming emotion 
which similar characters would shew toward such a wonder in real life. Never 
have a wonder taken for granted. Even when the characters are supposed to be 
accustomed to the wonder I try to weave an air of awe and impressiveness 
corresponding to what the reader should feel. A casual style ruins any serious 
fantasy. 

Atmosphere, not action, is the great desideratum of weird fiction. Indeed, all that 
a wonder story can ever be is a vivid picture of a certain type of human mood. 
The moment it tries to be anything else it becomes cheap, puerile, and 



unconvincing. Prime emphasis should be given to subtle suggestion - 
imperceptible hints and touches of selective associative detail which express 
shadings of moods and build up a vague illusion of the strange reality of the 
unreal. Avoid bald catalogues of incredible happenings which can have no 
substance or meaning apart from a sustaining cloud of colour and symbolism. 

These are the rules or standards which I have followed - consciously or 
unconsciously - ever since I first attempted the serious writing of fantasy. That 
my results are successful may well be disputed - but I feel at least sure that, had I 
ignored the considerations mentioned in the last few paragraphs, they would 
have been much worse than they are. 



History of the Necronomicon 

Written 1927 

Published 1938 

Original title Al Azif — azif being the word used by Arabs to designate that 
nocturnal sound (made by insects) suppos'd to be the howling of daemons. 

Composed by Abdul Alhazred, a mad poet of Sanaa, in Yemen, who is said to 
have flourished during the period of the Ommiade caliphs, circa 700 A.D. He 
visited the ruins of Babylon and the subterranean secrets of Memphis and spent 
ten years alone in the great southern desert of Arabia — the Roba el Khaliyeh or 
"Empty Space" of the ancients — and "Dahna" or "Crimson" desert of the 
modern Arabs, which is held to be inhabited by protective evil spirits and 
monsters of death. Of this desert many strange and unbelievable marvels are told 
by those who pretend to have penetrated it. In his last years Alhazred dwelt in 
Damascus, where the Necronomicon (Al Azif) was written, and of his final death 
or disappearance (738 A.D.) many terrible and conflicting things are told. He is 
said by Ebn Khallikan (12th cent, biographer) to have been seized by an invisible 
monster in broad daylight and devoured horribly before a large number of 
fright-frozen witnesses. Of his madness many things are told. He claimed to have 
seen fabulous Irem, or City of Pillars, and to have found beneath the ruins of a 
certain nameless desert town the shocking annals and secrets of a race older than 
mankind. He was only an indifferent Moslem, worshipping unknown entities 
whom he called Yog-Sothoth and Cthulhu. 

In A.D. 950 the Azif, which had gained a considerable tho' surreptitious 
circulation amongst the philosophers of the age, was secretly translated into 
Greek by Theodorus Philetas of Constantinople under the title Necronomicon. 
For a century it impelled certain experimenters to terrible attempts, when it was 
suppressed and burnt by the patriarch Michael. After this it is only heard of 
furtively, but (1228) Olaus Wormius made a Latin translation later in the Middle 
Ages, and the Latin text was printed twice — once in the fifteenth century in 
black-letter (evidently in Germany) and once in the seventeenth (prob. Spanish) 
— both editions being without identifying marks, and located as to time and 
place by internal typographical evidence only. The work both Latin and Greek 
was banned by Pope Gregory IX in 1232, shortly after its Latin translation, which 
called attention to it. The Arabic original was lost as early as Wormius' time, as 
indicated by his prefatory note; and no sight of the Greek copy — which was 
printed in Italy between 1500 and 1550 — has been reported since the burning of 
a certain Salem man's library in 1692. An English translation made by Dr. Dee 



was never printed, and exists only in fragments recovered from the original 
manuscript. Of the Latin texts now existing one (15th cent.) is known to be in the 
British Museum under lock and key, while another (17th cent.) is in the 
Bibliotheque Nationale at Paris. A seventeenth-century edition is in the Widener 
Library at Harvard, and in the library of Miskatonic University at Arkham. Also 
in the library of the University of Buenos Ayres. Numerous other copies 
probably exist in secret, and a fifteenth-century one is persistently rumoured to 
form part of the collection of a celebrated American millionaire. A still vaguer 
rumour credits the preservation of a sixteenth-century Greek text in the Salem 
family of Pickman; but if it was so preserved, it vanished with the artist R. U. 
Pickman, who disappeared early in 1926. The book is rigidly suppressed by the 
authorities of most countries, and by all branches of organised ecclesiasticism. 
Reading leads to terrible consequences. It was from rumours of this book (of 
which relatively few of the general public know) that R. W. Chambers is said to 
have derived the idea of his early novel The King in Yellow. 

Chronology 

Al Azif written circa 730 A.D. at Damascus by Abdul Alhazred 

Tr. to Greek 950 A.D. as Necronomicon by Theodorus Philetas 

Burnt by Patriarch Michael 1050 (i.e., Greek text). Arabic text now lost. 

Olaus translates Gr. to Latin 1228 

1232 Latin ed. (and Gr.) suppr. by Pope Gregory IX 

14... Black-letter printed edition (Germany) 

15. . . Gr. text printed in Italy 

16. . . Spanish reprint of Latin text 

This should be supplemented with a letter written to Clark Ashton Smith on 
November 27, 1927: 

I have had no chance to produce new material this autumn, but have been 
classifying notes & synopses in preparation for some monstrous tales later on. In 
particular I have drawn up some data on the celebrated & unmentionable 
Necronomicon of the mad Arab Abdul Alhazred! It seems that this shocking 
blasphemy was produced by a native of Sanaa, in Yemen, who flourished about 
700 A.D. & made many mysterious pilgrimages to Babylon's ruins, Memphis's 
catacombs, & the devil-haunted & untrodden wastes of the great southern 
deserts of Arabia — the Roba el Khaliyeh, where he claimed to have found 
records of things older than mankind, & to have learnt the worship of Yog- 
Sothoth & Cthulhu. The book was a product of Abdul's old age, which was spent 
in Damascus, & the original title was Al Azif — azif (cf. Henley's notes to 
Vathek) being the name applied to those strange night noises (of insects) which 
the Arabs attribute to the howling of daemons. Alhazred died — or disappeared 



— under terrible circumstances in the year 738. In 950 Al Azif was translated into 
Greek by the Byzantine Theodorus Philetas under the title Necronomicon, & a 
century later it was burnt at the order of Michael, Patriarch of Constantinople. It 
was translated into Latin by Olaus in 1228, but placed on the Index 
Expurgatorius by Pope Gregory IX in 1232. The original Arabic was lost before 
Olaus' time, & the last known Greek copy perished in Salem in 1692. The work 
was printed in the 15th, 16th, & 17th centuries, but few copies are extant. 
Wherever existing, it is carefully guarded for the sake of the world's welfare & 
sanity. Once a man read through the copy in the library of Miskatonic University 
at Arkham — read it through & fled wild-eyed into the hills. . . but that is another 
story! 

In yet another letter (to James Blish and William Miller, 1936), Lovecraft says: 

You are fortunate in securing copies of the hellish and abhorred Necronomicon. 
Are they the Latin texts printed in Germany in the fifteenth century, or the Greek 
version printed in Italy in 1567, or the Spanish translation of 1623? Or do these 
copies represent different texts? 



At the Mountains of Madness 

Written Feb-22 Mar 1931 

Published February-April 1936 in Astounding Stories, Vol. 16, No. 6 February 
1936), p. 8-32; Vol. 17, No. 1 (March 1936), p. 125-55; Vol. 17, No. 2 (April 1936), p. 
132-50. 

I 

I am forced into speech because men of science have refused to follow my advice 
without knowing why. It is altogether against my will that I tell my reasons for 
opposing this contemplated invasion of the antarctic - with its vast fossil hunt 
and its wholesale boring and melting of the ancient ice caps. And I am the more 
reluctant because my warning may be in vain. 

Doubt of the real facts, as I must reveal them, is inevitable; yet, if I suppressed 
what will seem extravagant and incredible, there would be nothing left. The 
hitherto withheld photographs, both ordinary and aerial, will count in my favor, 
for they are damnably vivid and graphic. Still, they will be doubted because of 
the great lengths to which clever fakery can be carried. The ink drawings, of 
course, will be jeered at as obvious impostures, notwithstanding a strangeness of 
technique which art experts ought to remark and puzzle over. 

In the end I must rely on the judgment and standing of the few scientific leaders 
who have, on the one hand, sufficient independence of thought to weigh my data 
on its own hideously convincing merits or in the light of certain primordial and 
highly baffling myth cycles; and on the other hand, sufficient influence to deter 
the exploring world in general from any rash and over-ambitious program in the 
region of those mountains of madness. It is an unfortunate fact that relatively 
obscure men like myself and my associates, connected only with a small 
university, have little chance of making an impression where matters of a wildly 
bizarre or highly controversial nature are concerned. 

It is further against us that we are not, in the strictest sense, specialists in the 
fields which came primarily to be concerned. As a geologist, my object in leading 
the Miskatonic University Expedition was wholly that of securing deep-level 
specimens of rock and soil from various parts of the antarctic continent, aided by 
the remarkable drill devised by Professor Frank H. Pabodie of our engineering 
department. I had no wish to be a pioneer in any other field than this, but I did 
hope that the use of this new mechanical appliance at different points along 



previously explored paths would bring to light materials of a sort hitherto 
unreached by the ordinary methods of collection. 

Pabodie's drilling apparatus, as the public already knows from our reports, was 
unique and radical in its lightness, portability, and capacity to combine the 
ordinary artesian drill principle with the principle of the small circular rock drill 
in such a way as to cope quickly with strata of varying hardness. Steel head, 
jointed rods, gasoline motor, collapsible wooden derrick, dynamiting 
paraphernalia, cording, rubbish- removal auger, and sectional piping for bores 
five inches wide and up to one thousand feet deep all formed, with needed 
accessories, no greater load than three seven-dog sledges could carry. This was 
made possible by the clever aluminum alloy of which most of the metal objects 
were fashioned. Four large Dornier aeroplanes, designed especially for the 
tremendous altitude flying necessary on the antarctic plateau and with added 
fuel-warming and quick-starting devices worked out by Pabodie, could transport 
our entire expedition from a base at the edge of the great ice barrier to various 
suitable inland points, and from these points a sufficient quota of dogs would 
serve us. 

We planned to cover as great an area as one antarctic season - or longer, if 
absolutely necessary - would permit, operating mostly in the mountain ranges 
and on the plateau south of Ross Sea; regions explored in varying degree by 
Shackleton, Amundsen, Scott, and Byrd. With frequent changes of camp, made 
by aeroplane and involving distances great enough to be of geological 
significance, we expected to unearth a quite unprecedented amount of material - 
especially in the pre-Cambrian strata of which so narrow a range of antarctic 
specimens had previously been secured. We wished also to obtain as great as 
possible a variety of the upper fossiliferous rocks, since the primal life history of 
this bleak realm of ice and death is of the highest importance to our knowledge 
of the earth's past. That the antarctic continent was once temperate and even 
tropical, with a teeming vegetable and animal life of which the lichens, marine 
fauna, arachnida, and penguins of the northern edge are the only survivals, is a 
matter of common information; and we hoped to expand that information in 
variety, accuracy, and detail. When a simple boring revealed fossiliferous signs, 
we would enlarge the aperture by blasting, in order to get specimens of suitable 
size and condition. 

Our borings, of varying depth according to the promise held out by the upper 
soil or rock, were to be confined to exposed, or nearly exposed, land surfaces - 
these inevitably being slopes and ridges because of the mile or two-mile 
thickness of solid ice overlying the lower levels. We could not afford to waste 
drilling the depth of any considerable amount of mere glaciation, though 
Pabodie had worked out a plan for sinking copper electrodes in thick clusters of 



borings and melting off limited areas of ice with current from a gasoline-driven 
dynamo. It is this plan - which we could not put into effect except experimentally 
on an expedition such as ours - that the coming Starkweather-Moore Expedition 
proposes to follow, despite the warnings I have issued since our return from the 
antarctic. 

The public knows of the Miskatonic Expedition through our frequent wireless 
reports to the Arkham Advertiser and Associated Press, and through the later 
articles of Pabodie and myself. We consisted of four men from the University - 
Pabodie, Lake of the biology department, Atwood of the physics department - 
also a meteorologist - and myself, representing geology and having nominal 
command - besides sixteen assistants: seven graduate students from Miskatonic 
and nine skilled mechanics. Of these sixteen, twelve were qualified aeroplane 
pilots, all but two of whom were competent wireless operators. Eight of them 
understood navigation with compass and sextant, as did Pabodie, Atwood, and 
I. In addition, of course, our two ships - wooden ex-whalers, reinforced for ice 
conditions and having auxiliary steam - were fully manned. 

The Nathaniel Derby Pickman Foundation, aided by a few special contributions, 
financed the expedition; hence our preparations were extremely thorough, 
despite the absence of great publicity. The dogs, sledges, machines, camp 
materials, and unassembled parts of our five planes were delivered in Boston, 
and there our ships were loaded. We were marvelously well-equipped for our 
specific purposes, and in all matters pertaining to supplies, regimen, 
transportation, and camp construction we profited by the excellent example of 
our many recent and exceptionally brilliant predecessors. It was the unusual 
number and fame of these predecessors which made our own expedition - ample 
though it was - so little noticed by the world at large. 

As the newspapers told, we sailed from Boston Harbor on September 2nd, 1930, 
taking a leisurely course down the coast and through the Panama Canal, and 
stopping at Samoa and Hobart, Tasmania, at which latter place we took on final 
supplies. None of our exploring party had ever been in the polar regions before, 
hence we all relied greatly on our ship captains - J. B. Douglas, commanding the 
brig Arkham, and serving as commander of the sea party, and Georg 
Thorfinnssen, commanding the barque Miskatonic - both veteran whalers in 
antarctic waters. 

As we left the inhabited world behind, the sun sank lower and lower in the 
north, and stayed longer and longer above the horizon each day. At about 62° 
South Latitude we sighted our first icebergs - table-like objects with vertical sides 
- and just before reaching the antarctic circle, which we crossed on October 20th 
with appropriately quaint ceremonies, we were considerably troubled with field 



10 



ice. The falling temperature bothered me considerably after our long voyage 
through the tropics, but I tried to brace up for the worse rigors to come. On many 
occasions the curious atmospheric effects enchanted me vastly; these including a 
strikingly vivid mirage - the first I had ever seen - in which distant bergs became 
the battlements of unimaginable cosmic castles. 

Pushing through the ice, which was fortunately neither extensive nor thickly 
packed, we regained open water at South Latitude 67°, East Longitude 175° On 
the morning of October 26th a strong land blink appeared on the south, and 
before noon we all felt a thrill of excitement at beholding a vast, lofty, and snow- 
clad mountain chain which opened out and covered the whole vista ahead. At 
last we had encountered an outpost of the great unknown continent and its 
cryptic world of frozen death. These peaks were obviously the Admiralty Range 
discovered by Ross, and it would now be our task to round Cape Adare and sail 
down the east coast of Victoria Land to our contemplated base on the shore of 
McMurdo Sound, at the foot of the volcano Erebus in South Latitude 77° 9'. 

The last lap of the voyage was vivid and fancy-stirring. Great barren peaks of 
mystery loomed up constantly against the west as the low northern sun of noon 
or the still lower horizon-grazing southern sun of midnight poured its hazy 
reddish rays over the white snow, bluish ice and water lanes, and black bits of 
exposed granite slope. Through the desolate summits swept ranging, 
intermittent gusts of the terrible antarctic wind; whose cadences sometimes held 
vague suggestions of a wild and half-sentient musical piping, with notes 
extending over a wide range, and which for some subconscious mnemonic 
reason seemed to me disquieting and even dimly terrible. Something about the 
scene reminded me of the strange and disturbing Asian paintings of Nicholas 
Roerich, and of the still stranger and more disturbing descriptions of the evilly 
fabled plateau of Leng which occur in the dreaded Necronomicon of the mad 
Arab Abdul Alhazred. I was rather sorry, later on, that I had ever looked into 
that monstrous book at the college library. 

On the 7th of November, sight of the westward range having been temporarily 
lost, we passed Franklin Island; and the next day descried the cones of Mts. 
Erebus and Terror on Ross Island ahead, with the long line of the Parry 
Mountains beyond. There now stretched off to the east the low, white line of the 
great ice barrier, rising perpendicularly to a height of two hundred feet like the 
rocky cliffs of Quebec, and marking the end of southward navigation. In the 
afternoon we entered McMurdo Sound and stood off the coast in the lee of 
smoking Mt. Erebus. The scoriae peak towered up some twelve thousand, seven 
hundred feet against the eastern sky, like a Japanese print of the sacred Fujiyama, 
while beyond it rose the white, ghostlike height of Mt. Terror, ten thousand, nine 
hundred feet in altitude, and now extinct as a volcano. 



11 



that 


restlessly roll 


currents 


down Yaanek 


cHmes 


of the pole 


roll 


down Mount Yaanek 



Puffs of smoke from Erebus came intermittently, and one of the graduate 
assistants - a brilliant young fellow named Danforth - pointed out what looked 
like lava on the snowy slope, remarking that this mountain, discovered in 1840, 
had undoubtedly been the source of Poe's image when he wrote seven years 
later: 

the lavas 

Their sulphurous 

In the ultimate 

That groan as they 

In the realms of the boreal pole. 

Danforth was a great reader of bizarre material, and had talked a good deal of 
Poe. I was interested myself because of the antarctic scene of Poe's only long 
story - the disturbing and enigmatical Arthur Gordon Pym. On the barren shore, 
and on the lofty ice barrier in the background, myriads of grotesque penguins 
squawked and flapped their fins, while many fat seals were visible on the water, 
swimming or sprawling across large cakes of slowly drifting ice. 

Using small boats, we effected a difficult landing on Ross Island shortly after 
midnight on the morning of the 9th, carrying a line of cable from each of the 
ships and preparing to unload supplies by means of a breeches-buoy 
arrangement. Our sensations on first treading Antarctic soil were poignant and 
complex, even though at this particular point the Scott and Shackleton 
expeditions had preceded us. Our camp on the frozen shore below the volcano's 
slope was only a provisional one, headquarters being kept aboard the Arkham. 
We landed all our drilling apparatus, dogs, sledges, tents, provisions, gasoline 
tanks, experimental ice-melting outfit, cameras, both ordinary and aerial, 
aeroplane parts, and other accessories, including three small portable wireless 
outfits - besides those in the planes - capable of communicating with the 
Arkham's large outfit from any part of the antarctic continent that we would be 
likely to visit. The ship's outfit, communicating with the outside world, was to 
convey press reports to the Arkham Advertiser's powerful wireless station on 
Kingsport Head, Massachusetts. We hoped to complete our work during a single 
antarctic summer; but if this proved impossible, we would winter on the 
Arkham, sending the Miskatonic north before the freezing of the ice for another 
summer's supplies. 

I need not repeat what the newspapers have already published about our early 
work: of our ascent of Mt. Erebus; our successful mineral borings at several 
points on Ross Island and the singular speed with which Pabodie's apparatus 
accomplished them, even through solid rock layers; our provisional test of the 
small ice-melting equipment; our perilous ascent of the great barrier with sledges 



12 



and supplies; and our final assembling of five huge aeroplanes at the camp atop 
the barrier. The health of our land party - twenty men and fifty-five Alaskan 
sledge dogs - was remarkable, though of course we had so far encountered no 
really destructive temperatures or windstorms. For the most part, the 
thermometer varied between zero and 20° or 25° above, and our experience with 
New England winters had accustomed us to rigors of this sort. The barrier camp 
was semi-permanent, and destined to be a storage cache for gasoline, provisions, 
dynamite, and other supplies. 

Only four of our planes were needed to carry the actual exploring material, the 
fifth being left with a pilot and two men from the ships at the storage cache to 
form a means of reaching us from the Arkham in case all our exploring planes 
were lost. Later, when not using all the other planes for moving apparatus, we 
would employ one or two in a shuttle transportation service between this cache 
and another permanent base on the great plateau from six hundred to seven 
hundred miles southward, beyond Beardmore Glacier. Despite the almost 
unanimous accounts of appalling winds and tempests that pour down from the 
plateau, we determined to dispense with intermediate bases, taking our chances 
in the interest of economy and probable efficiency. 

Wireless reports have spoken of the breathtaking, four-hour, nonstop flight of 
our squadron on November 21st over the lofty shelf ice, with vast peaks rising on 
the west, and the unfathomed silences echoing to the sound of our engines. Wind 
troubled us only moderately, and our radio compasses helped us through the 
one opaque fog we encountered. When the vast rise loomed ahead, between 
Latitudes 83° and 84°, we knew we had reached Beardmore Glacier, the largest 
valley glacier in the world, and that the frozen sea was now giving place to a 
frowning and mountainous coast line. At last we were truly entering the white, 
aeon-dead world of the ultimate south. Even as we realized it we saw the peak of 
Mt. Nansen in the eastern distance, towering up to its height of almost fifteen 
thousand feet. 

The successful establishment of the southern base above the glacier in Latitude 
86° 7', East Longitude 174° 23', and the phenomenally rapid and effective borings 
and blastings made at various points reached by our sledge trips and short 
aeroplane flights, are matters of history; as is the arduous and triumphant ascent 
of Mt. Nansen by Pabodie and two of the graduate students - Gedney and 
Carroll - on December 13 - 15. We were some eight thousand, five hundred feet 
above sea-level, and when experimental drillings revealed solid ground only 
twelve feet down through the snow and ice at certain points, we made 
considerable use of the small melting apparatus and sunk bores and performed 
dynamiting at many places where no previous explorer had ever thought of 
securing mineral specimens. The pre-Cambrian granites and beacon sandstones 



13 



thus obtained confirmed our belief that this plateau was homogeneous, with the 
great bulk of the continent to the west, but somewhat different from the parts 
lying eastward below South America - which we then thought to form a separate 
and smaller continent divided from the larger one by a frozen junction of Ross 
and Weddell Seas, though Byrd has since disproved the hypothesis. 

In certain of the sandstones, dynamited and chiseled after boring revealed their 
nature, we found some highly interesting fossil markings and fragments; notably 
ferns, seaweeds, trilobites, crinoids, and such moUusks as linguellae and 
gastropods - all of which seemed of real significance in connection with the 
region's primordial history. There was also a queer triangular, striated marking, 
about a foot in greatest diameter, which Lake pieced together from three 
fragments of slate brought up from a deep-blasted aperture. These fragments 
came from a point to the westward, near the Queen Alexandra Range; and Lake, 
as a biologist, seemed to find their curious marking unusually puzzling and 
provocative, though to my geological eye it looked not unlike some of the ripple 
effects reasonably common in the sedimentary rocks. Since slate is no more than 
a metamorphic formation into which a sedimentary stratum is pressed, and since 
the pressure itself produces odd distorting effects on any markings which may 
exist, I saw no reason for extreme wonder over the striated depression. 

On January 6th, 1931, Lake, Pabodie, Danforth, the other six students, and myself 
flew directly over the south pole in two of the great planes, being forced down 
once by a sudden high wind, which, fortunately, did not develop into a typical 
storm. This was, as the papers have stated, one of several observation flights, 
during others of which we tried to discern new topographical features in areas 
unreached by previous explorers. Our early flights were disappointing in this 
latter respect, though they afforded us some magnificent examples of the richly 
fantastic and deceptive mirages of the polar regions, of which our sea voyage 
had given us some brief foretastes. Distant mountains floated in the sky as 
enchanted cities, and often the whole white world would dissolve into a gold, 
silver, and scarlet land of Dunsanian dreams and adventurous expectancy under 
the magic of the low midnight sun. On cloudy days we had considerable trouble 
in flying owing to the tendency of snowy earth and sky to merge into one 
mystical opalescent void with no visible horizon to mark the junction of the two. 

At length we resolved to carry out our original plan of flying five hundred miles 
eastward with all four exploring planes and establishing a fresh sub-base at a 
point which would probably be on the smaller continental division, as we 
mistakenly conceived it. Geological specimens obtained there would be desirable 
for purposes of comparison. Our health so far had remained excellent - lime juice 
well offsetting the steady diet of tinned and salted food, and temperatures 
generally above zero enabling us to do without our thickest furs. It was now 



14 



midsummer, and with haste and care we might be able to conclude work by 
March and avoid a tedious wintering through the long antarctic night. Several 
savage windstorms had burst upon us from the west, but we had escaped 
damage through the skill of Atwood in devising rudimentary aeroplane shelters 
and windbreaks of heavy snow blocks, and reinforcing the principal camp 
buildings with snow. Our good luck and efficiency had indeed been almost 
uncanny. 

The outside world knew, of course, of our program, and was told also of Lake's 
strange and dogged insistence on a westward - or rather, northwestward - 
prospecting trip before our radical shift to the new base. It seems that he had 
pondered a great deal, and with alarmingly radical daring, over that triangular 
striated marking in the slate; reading into it certain contradictions in nature and 
geological period which whetted his curiosity to the utmost, and made him avid 
to sink more borings and blastings in the west- stretching formation to which the 
exhumed fragments evidently belonged. He was strangely convinced that the 
marking was the print of some bulky, unknown, and radically unclassifiable 
organism of considerably advanced evolution, notwithstanding that the rock 
which bore it was of so vastly ancient a date - Cambrian if not actually pre- 
Cambrian - as to preclude the probable existence not only of all highly evolved 
life, but of any life at all above the unicellular or at most the trilobite stage. These 
fragments, with their odd marking, must have been five hundred million to a 
thousand million years old. 

II 

Popular imagination, I judge, responded actively to our wireless bulletins of 
Lake's start northwestward into regions never trodden by human foot or 
penetrated by human imagination, though we did not mention his wild hopes of 
revolutionizing the entire sciences of biology and geology. His preliminary 
sledging and boring journey of January 11th to 18th with Pabodie and five others 
- marred by the loss of two dogs in an upset when crossing one of the great 
pressure ridges in the ice - had brought up more and more of the Archaean slate; 
and even I was interested by the singular profusion of evident fossil markings in 
that unbelievably ancient stratum. These markings, however, were of very 
primitive life forms involving no great paradox except that any life forms should 
occur in rock as definitely pre-Cambrian as this seemed to be; hence I still failed 
to see the good sense of Lake's demand for an interlude in our time- saving 
program - an interlude requiring the use of all four planes, many men, and the 
whole of the expedition's mechanical apparatus. I did not, in the end, veto the 
plan, though I decided not to accompany the northwestward party despite 
Lake's plea for my geological advice. While they were gone, I would remain at 
the base with Pabodie and five men and work out final plans for the eastward 



15 



shift. In preparation for this transfer, one of the planes had begun to move up a 
good gasohne supply from McMurdo Sound; but this could wait temporarily. I 
kept with me one sledge and nine dogs, since it is unwise to be at any time 
without possible transportation in an utterly tenantless world of aeon-long 
death. 

Lake's sub-expedition into the unknown, as everyone will recall, sent out its own 
reports from the shortwave transmitters on the planes; these being 
simultaneously picked up by our apparatus at the southern base and by the 
Arkham at McMurdo Sound, whence they were relayed to the outside world on 
wave lengths up to fifty meters. The start was made January 22nd at 4 A.M., and 
the first wireless message we received came only two hours later, when Lake 
spoke of descending and starting a small- scale ice-melting and bore at a point 
some three hundred miles away from us. Six hours after that a second and very 
excited message told of the frantic, beaver-like work whereby a shallow shaft 
had been sunk and blasted, culminating in the discovery of slate fragments with 
several markings approximately like the one which had caused the original 
puzzlement. 

Three hours later a brief bulletin announced the resumption of the flight in the 
teeth of a raw and piercing gale; and when I dispatched a message of protest 
against further hazards. Lake replied curtly that his new specimens made any 
hazard worth taking. I saw that his excitement had reached the point of mutiny, 
and that I could do nothing to check this headlong risk of the whole expedition's 
success; but it was appalling to think of his plunging deeper and deeper into that 
treacherous and sinister white immensity of tempests and unfathomed mysteries 
which stretched off for some fifteen hundred miles to the half-known, half- 
suspected coast line of Queen Mary and Knox Lands. 

Then, in about an hour and a half more, came that doubly excited message from 
Lake's moving plane, which almost reversed my sentiments and made me wish I 
had accompanied the party: 

"10:05 P.M. On the wing. After snowstorm, have spied mountain range ahead 
higher than any hitherto seen. May equal Himalayas, allowing for height of 
plateau. Probable Latitude 76° 15', Longitude 113° 10' E. Reaches far as can see to 
right and left. Suspicion of two smoking cones. All peaks black and bare of snow. 
Gale blowing off them impedes navigation." 

After that Pabodie, the men and I hung breathlessly over the receiver. Thought of 
this titanic mountain rampart seven hundred miles away inflamed our deepest 
sense of adventure; and we rejoiced that our expedition, if not ourselves 
personally, had been its discoverers. In half an hour Lake called us again: 



16 



"Moulton's plane forced down on plateau in foothills, but nobody hurt and 
perhaps can repair. Shall transfer essentials to other three for return or further 
moves if necessary, but no more heavy plane travel needed just now. Mountains 
surpass anything in imagination. Am going up scouting in Carroll's plane, with 
all weight out. 

"You can't imagine anything like this. Highest peaks must go over thirty-five 
thousand feet. Everest out of the running. Atwood to work out height with 
theodolite while Carroll and I go up. Probably wrong about cones, for formations 
look stratified. Possibly pre-Cambrian slate with other strata mixed in. Queer 
skyline effects - regular sections of cubes clinging to highest peaks. Whole thing 
marvelous in red-gold light of low sun. Like land of mystery in a dream or 
gateway to forbidden world of untrodden wonder. Wish you were here to 
study." 

Though it was technically sleeping time, not one of us listeners thought for a 
moment of retiring. It must have been a good deal the same at McMurdo Sound, 
where the supply cache and the Arkham were also getting the messages; for 
Captain Douglas gave out a call congratulating everybody on the important find, 
and Sherman, the cache operator, seconded his sentiments. We were sorry, of 
course, about the damaged aeroplane, but hoped it could be easily mended. 
Then, at 11 P.M., came another call from Lake: 

"Up with Carroll over highest foothills. Don't dare try really tall peaks in present 
weather, but shall later. Frightful work climbing, and hard going at this altitude, 
but worth it. Great range fairly solid, hence can't get any glimpses beyond. Main 
summits exceed Himalayas, and very queer. Range looks like pre-Cambrian 
slate, with plain signs of many other upheaved strata. Was wrong about 
volcanism. Goes farther in either direction than we can see. Swept clear of snow 
above about twenty-one thousand feet. 

"Odd formations on slopes of highest mountains. Great low square blocks with 
exactly vertical sides, and rectangular lines of low, vertical ramparts, like the old 
Asian castles clinging to steep mountains in Roerich's paintings. Impressive from 
distance. Flew close to some, and Carroll thought they were formed of smaller 
separate pieces, but that is probably weathering. Most edges crumbled and 
rounded off as if exposed to storms and climate changes for millions of years. 
"Parts, especially upper parts, seem to be of lighter-colored rock than any visible 
strata on slopes proper, hence of evidently crystalline origin. Close flying shows 
many cave mouths, some unusually regular in outline, square or semicircular. 
You must come and investigate. Think I saw rampart squarely on top of one 
peak. Height seems about thirty thousand to thirty-five thousand feet. Am up 
twenty-one thousand, five hundred myself, in devilish, gnawing cold. Wind 



17 



whistles and pipes through passes and in and out of caves, but no flying danger 
so far." 

From then on for another half hour Lake kept up a running fire of comment, and 
expressed his intention of climbing some of the peaks on foot. I replied that I 
would join him as soon as he could send a plane, and that Pabodie and I would 
work out the best gasoline plan - just where and how to concentrate our supply 
in view of the expedition's altered character. Obviously, Lake's boring 
operations, as well as his aeroplane activities, would require a great deal for the 
new base which he planned to establish at the foot of the mountains; and it was 
possible that the eastward flight might not be made, after all, this season. In 
connection with this business I called Captain Douglas and asked him to get as 
much as possible out of the ships and up the barrier with the single dog team we 
had left there. A direct route across the unknown region between Lake and 
McMurdo Sound was what we really ought to establish. 

Lake called me later to say that he had decided to let the camp stay where 
Moulton's plane had been forced down, and where repairs had already 
progressed somewhat. The ice sheet was very thin, with dark ground here and 
there visible, and he would sink some borings and blasts at that very point before 
making any sledge trips or climbing expeditions. He spoke of the ineffable 
majesty of the whole scene, and the queer state of his sensations at being in the 
lee of vast, silent pinnacles whose ranks shot up like a wall reaching the sky at 
the world's rim. Atwood's theodolite observations had placed the height of the 
five tallest peaks at from thirty thousand to thirty-four thousand feet. The 
windswept nature of the terrain clearly disturbed Lake, for it argued the 
occasional existence of prodigious gales, violent beyond anything we had so far 
encountered. His camp lay a little more than five miles from where the higher 
foothills rose abruptly. I could almost trace a note of subconscious alarm in his 
words-flashed across a glacial void of seven hundred miles - as he urged that we 
all hasten with the matter and get the strange, new region disposed of as soon as 
possible. He was about to rest now, after a continuous day's work of almost 
unparalleled speed, strenuousness, and results. 

In the morning I had a three-cornered wireless talk with Lake and Captain 
Douglas at their widely separated bases. It was agreed that one of Lake's planes 
would come to my base for Pabodie, the five men, and myself, as well as for all 
the fuel it could carry. The rest of the fuel question, depending on our decision 
about an easterly trip, could wait for a few days, since Lake had enough for 
immediate camp heat and borings. Eventually the old southern base ought to be 
restocked, but if we postponed the easterly trip we would not use it till the next 
summer, and, meanwhile. Lake must send a plane to explore a direct route 
between his new mountains and McMurdo Sound. 



18 



Pabodie and I prepared to close our base for a short or long period, as the case 
might be. If we wintered in the antarctic we would probably fly straight from 
Lake's base to the Arkham without returning to this spot. Some of our conical 
tents had already been reinforced by blocks of hard snow, and now we decided 
to complete the job of making a permanent village. Owing to a very liberal tent 
supply. Lake had with him all that his base would need, even after our arrival. I 
wirelessed that Pabodie and I would be ready for the northwestward move after 
one day's work and one night's rest. 

Our labors, however, were not very steady after 4 P.M., for about that time Lake 
began sending in the most extraordinary and excited messages. His working day 
had started unpropitiously, since an aeroplane survey of the nearly-exposed rock 
surfaces showed an entire absence of those Archaean and primordial strata for 
which he was looking, and which formed so great a part of the colossal peaks 
that loomed up at a tantalizing distance from the camp. Most of the rocks 
glimpsed were apparently Jurassic and Comanchian sandstones and Permian 
and Triassic schists, with now and then a glossy black outcropping suggesting a 
hard and slaty coal. This rather discouraged Lake, whose plans all hinged on 
unearthing specimens more than five hundred million years older. It was clear to 
him that in order to recover the Archaean slate vein in which he had found the 
odd markings, he would have to make a long sledge trip from these foothills to 
the steep slopes of the gigantic mountains themselves. 

He had resolved, nevertheless, to do some local boring as part of the expedition's 
general program; hence he set up the drill and put five men to work with it while 
the rest finished settling the camp and repairing the damaged aeroplane. The 
softest visible rock - a sandstone about a quarter of a mile from the camp - had 
been chosen for the first sampling; and the drill made excellent progress without 
much supplementary blasting. It was about three hours afterward, following the 
first really heavy blast of the operation, that the shouting of the drill crew was 
heard; and that young Gedney - the acting foreman - rushed into the camp with 
the startling news. 

They had struck a cave. Early in the boring the sandstone had given place to a 
vein of Comanchian limestone, full of minute fossil cephalopods, corals, echini, 
and spirifera, and with occasional suggestions of siliceous sponges and marine 
vertebrate bones - the latter probably of teleosts, sharks, and ganoids. This, in 
itself, was important enough, as affording the first vertebrate fossils the 
expedition had yet secured; but when shortly afterward the drill head dropped 
through the stratum into apparent vacancy, a wholly new and doubly intense 
wave of excitement spread among the excavators. A good-sized blast had laid 
open the subterrene secret; and now, through a jagged aperture perhaps five feet 
across and three feet thick, there yawned before the avid searchers a section of 



19 



shallow limestone hollowing worn more than fifty million years ago by the 
trickling ground waters of a bygone tropic world. 

The hollowed layer was not more than seven or eight feet deep but extended off 
indefinitely in all directions and had a fresh, slightly moving air which suggested 
its membership in an extensive subterranean system. Its roof and floor were 
abundantly equipped with large stalactites and stalagmites, some of which met 
in columnar form: but important above all else was the vast deposit of shells and 
bones, which in places nearly choked the passage. Washed down from unknown 
jungles of Mesozoic tree ferns and fungi, and forests of Tertiary cycads, fan 
palms, and primitive angiosperms, this osseous medley contained 
representatives of more Cretaceous, Eocene, and other animal species than the 
greatest paleontologist could have counted or classified in a year. Mollusks, 
crustacean armor, fishes, amphibians, reptiles, birds, and early mammals - great 
and small, known and unknown. No wonder Gedney ran back to the camp 
shouting, and no wonder everyone else dropped work and rushed headlong 
through the biting cold to where the tall derrick marked a new-found gateway to 
secrets of inner earth and vanished aeons. 

When Lake had satisfied the first keen edge of his curiosity, he scribbled a 
message in his notebook and had young Moulton run back to the camp to 
dispatch it by wireless. This was my first word of the discovery, and it told of the 
identification of early shells, bones of ganoids and placoderms, remnants of 
labyrinthodonts and thecodonts, great mosasaur skull fragments, dinosaur 
vertebrae and armor plates, pterodactyl teeth and wing bones, Archaeopteryx 
debris, Miocene sharks' teeth, primitive bird skulls, and other bones of archaic 
mammals such as palaeotheres, Xiphodons, Eohippi, Oreodons, and titanotheres. 
There was nothing as recent as a mastodon, elephant, true camel, deer, or bovine 
animal; hence Lake concluded that the last deposits had occurred during the 
Oligocene Age, and that the hollowed stratum had lain in its present dried, dead, 
and inaccessible state for at least thirty million years. 

On the other hand, the prevalence of very early life forms was singular in the 
highest degree. Though the limestone formation was, on the evidence of such 
typical imbedded fossils as ventriculites, positively and unmistakably 
Comanchian and not a particle earlier, the free fragments in the hollow space 
included a surprising proportion from organisms hitherto considered as peculiar 
to far older periods - even rudimentary fishes, mollusks, and corals as remote as 
the Silunan or Ordovician. The inevitable inference was that in this part of the 
world there had been a remarkable and unique degree of continuity between the 
life of over three hundred million years ago and that of only thirty million years 
ago. How far this continuity had extended beyond the Oligocene Age when the 
cavern was closed was of course past all speculation. In any event, the coming of 



20 



the frightful ice in the Pleistocene some five hundred thousand years ago - a 
mere yesterday as compared with the age of this cavity - must have put an end to 
any of the primal forms which had locally managed to outlive their common 
terms. 

Lake was not content to let his first message stand, but had another bulletin 
written and dispatched across the snow to the camp before Moulton could get 
back. After that Moulton stayed at the wireless in one of the planes, transmitting 
to me - and to the Arkham for relaying to the outside world - the frequent 
postscripts which Lake sent him by a succession of messengers. Those who 
followed the newspapers will remember the excitement created among men of 
science by that afternoon's reports - reports which have finally led, after all these 
years, to the organization of that very Starkweather-Moore Expedition which I 
am so anxious to dissuade from its purposes. I had better give the messages 
literally as Lake sent them, and as our base operator McTighe translated them 
from the pencil shorthand: 

"Fowler makes discovery of highest importance in sandstone and limestone 
fragments from blasts. Several distinct triangular striated prints like those in 
Archaean slate, proving that source survived from over six hundred million 
years ago to Comanchian times without more than moderate morphological 
changes and decrease in average size. Comanchian prints apparently more 
primitive or decadent, if anything, than older ones. Emphasize importance of 
discovery in press. Will mean to biology what Einstein has meant to mathematics 
and physics. Joins up with my previous work and amplifies conclusions. 

"Appears to indicate, as I suspected, that earth has seen whole cycle or cycles of 
organic life before known one that begins with Archaeozoic cells. Was evolved 
and specialized not later than a thousand million years ago, when planet was 
young and recently uninhabitable for any life forms or normal protoplasmic 
structure. Question arises when, where, and how development took place." 

"Later. Examining certain skeletal fragments of large land and marine saurians 
and primitive mammals, find singular local wounds or injuries to bony structure 
not attributable to any known predatory or carnivorous animal of any period, of 
two sorts - straight, penetrant bores, and apparently hacking incisions. One or 
two cases of cleanly severed bones. Not many specimens affected. Am sending to 
camp for electric torches. Will extend search area underground by hacking away 
stalactites." 

"Still later. Have found peculiar soapstone fragment about six inches across and 
an inch and a half thick, wholly unlike any visible local formation - greenish, but 
no evidences to place its period. Has curious smoothness and regularity. Shaped 



21 



like five-pointed star with tips broken off, and signs of other cleavage at inward 
angles and in center of surface. Small, smooth depression in center of unbroken 
surface. Arouses much curiosity as to source and weathering. Probably some 
freak of water action. Carroll, with magnifier, thinks he can make out additional 
markings of geologic significance. Groups of tiny dots in regular patterns. Dogs 
growing uneasy as we work, and seem to hate this soapstone. Must see if it has 
any peculiar odor. Will report again when Mills gets back with light and we start 
on underground area." 

"10:15 P.M. Important discovery. Orrendorf and Watkins, working underground 
at 9:45 with light, found monstrous barrel-shaped fossil of wholly unknown 
nature; probably vegetable unless overgrown specimen of unknown marine 
radiata. Tissue evidently preserved by mineral salts. Tough as leather, but 
astonishing flexibility retained in places. Marks of broken-off parts at ends and 
around sides. Six feet end to end, three and five- tenths feet central diameter, 
tapering to one foot at each end. Like a barrel with five bulging ridges in place of 
staves. Lateral breakages, as of thinnish stalks, are at equator in middle of these 
ridges. In furrows between ridges are curious growths - combs or wings that fold 
up and spread out like fans. All greatly damaged but one, which gives almost 
seven-foot wing spread. Arrangement reminds one of certain monsters of primal 
myth, especially fabled Elder Things in Necronomicon. 

"Their wings seem to be membranous, stretched on frame work of glandular 
tubing. Apparent minute orifices in frame tubing at wing tips. Ends of body 
shriveled, giving no clue to interior or to what has been broken off there. Must 
dissect when we get back to camp. Can't decide whether vegetable or animal. 
Many features obviously of almost incredible primitiveness. Have set all hands 
cutting stalactites and looking for further specimens. Additional scarred bones 
found, but these must wait. Having trouble with dogs. They can't endure the 
new specimen, and would probably tear it to pieces if we didn't keep it at a 
distance from them." 

"11:30 P.M. Attention, Dyer, Pabodie, Douglas. Matter of highest - I might say 
transcendent - importance. Arkham must relay to Kingsport Head Station at 
once. Strange barrel growth is the Archaean thing that left prints in rocks. Mills, 
Boudreau, and Fowler discover cluster of thirteen more at underground point 
forty feet from aperture. Mixed with curiously rounded and configured 
soapstone fragments smaller than one previously found - star-shaped, but no 
marks of breakage except at some of the points. 

"Of organic specimens, eight apparently perfect, with all appendages. Have 
brought all to surface, leading off dogs to distance. They cannot stand the things. 



22 



Give close attention to description and repeat back for accuracy Papers must get 
this right. 

"Objects are eight feet long all over. Six-foot, five-ridged barrel torso three and 
five-tenths feet central diameter, one foot end diameters. Dark gray, flexible, and 
infinitely tough. Seven-foot membranous wings of same color, found folded, 
spread out of furrows between ridges. Wing framework tubular or glandular, of 
lighter gray, with orifices at wing tips. Spread wings have serrated edge. Around 
equator, one at central apex of each of the five vertical, stave-like ridges are five 
systems of light gray flexible arms or tentacles found tightly folded to torso but 
expansible to maximum length of over three feet. Like arms of primitive crinoid. 
Single stalks three inches diameter branch after six inches into five substalks, 
each of which branches after eight inches into small, tapering tentacles or 
tendrils, giving each stalk a total of twenty-five tentacles. 

"At top of torso blunt, bulbous neck of lighter gray, with gill-like suggestions, 
holds yellowish five-pointed starfish-shaped apparent head covered with three- 
inch wiry cilia of various prismatic colors. 

"Head thick and puffy, about two feet point to point, with three-inch flexible 
yellowish tubes projecting from each point. Slit in exact center of top probably 
breathing aperture. At end of each tube is spherical expansion where yellowish 
membrane rolls back on handling to reveal glassy, red-irised globe, evidently an 
eye. 

"Five slightly longer reddish tubes start from inner angles of starfish-shaped 
head and end in saclike swellings of same color which, upon pressure, open to 
bell-shaped orifices two inches maximum diameter and lined with sharp, white 
tooth like projections - probably mouths. All these tubes, cilia, and points of 
starfish head, found folded tightly down; tubes and points clinging to bulbous 
neck and torso. Flexibility surprising despite vast toughness. 

"At bottom of torso, rough but dissimilarly functioning counterparts of head 
arrangements exist. Bulbous light-gray pseudo-neck, without gill suggestions, 
holds greenish five-pointed starfish arrangement. 

"Tough, muscular arms four feet long and tapering from seven inches diameter 
at base to about two and five-tenths at point. To each point is attached small end 
of a greenish five- veined membranous triangle eight inches long and six wide at 
farther end. This is the paddle, fin, or pseudofoot which has made prints in rocks 
from a thousand million to fifty or sixty million years old. 



23 



"From inner angles of starfish arrangement project two-foot reddish tubes 
tapering from three inches diameter at base to one at tip. Orifices at tips. All 
these parts infinitely tough and leathery, but extremely flexible. Four-foot arms 
with paddles undoubtedly used for locomotion of some sort, marine or 
otherwise. When moved, display suggestions of exaggerated muscularity. As 
found, all these projections tightly folded over pseudoneck and end of torso, 
corresponding to projections at other end. 

"Cannot yet assign positively to animal or vegetable kingdom, but odds now 
favor animal. Probably represents incredibly advanced evolution of radiata 
without loss of certain primitive features. Echinoderm resemblances 
unmistakable despite local contradictory evidences. 

"Wing structure puzzles in view of probable marine habitat, but may have use in 
water navigation. Symmetry is curiously vegetablelike, suggesting vegetable 's 
essential up-and- down structure rather than animal's fore-and-aft structure. 
Fabulously early date of evolution, preceding even simplest Archaean protozoa 
hitherto known, baffles all conjecture as to origin. 

"Complete specimens have such uncanny resemblance to certain creatures of 
primal myth that suggestion of ancient existence outside antarctic becomes 
inevitable. Dyer and Pabodie have read Necronomicon and seen Clark Ashton 
Smith's nightmare paintings based on text, and will understand when I speak of 
Elder Things supposed to have created all earth life as jest or mistake. Students 
have always thought conception formed from morbid imaginative treatment of 
very ancient tropical radiata. Also like prehistoric folklore things Wilmarth has 
spoken of - Cthulhu cult appendages, etc. 

"Vast field of study opened. Deposits probably of late Cretaceous or early Eocene 
period, judging from associated specimens. Massive stalagmites deposited above 
them. Hard work hewing out, but toughness prevented damage. State of 
preservation miraculous, evidently owing to limestone action. No more found so 
far, but will resume search later. Job now to get fourteen huge specimens to camp 
without dogs, which bark furiously and can't be trusted near them. 

"With nine men - three left to guard the dogs - we ought to manage the three 
sledges fairly well, though wind is bad. Must establish plane communication 
with McMurdo Sound and begin shipping material. But I've got to dissect one of 
these things before we take any rest. Wish I had a real laboratory here. Dyer 
better kick himself for having tried to stop my westward trip. First the world's 
greatest mountains, and then this. If this last isn't the high spot of the expedition, 
I don't know what is. We're made scientifically. Congrats, Pabodie, on the drill 
that opened up the cave. Now will Arkham please repeat description?" 



24 



The sensations of Pabodie and myself at receipt of this report were almost 
beyond description, nor were our companions much behind us in enthusiasm. 
McTighe, who had hastily translated a few high spots as they came from the 
droning receiving set, wrote out the entire message from his shorthand version 
as soon as Lake's operator signed off. All appreciated the epoch-making 
significance of the discovery, and I sent Lake congratulations as soon as the 
Arkham's operator had repeated back the descriptive parts as requested; and my 
example was followed by Sherman from his station at the McMurdo Sound 
supply cache, as well as by Captain Douglas of the Arkham. Later, as head of the 
expedition, I added some remarks to be relayed through the Arkham to the 
outside world. Of course, rest was an absurd thought amidst this excitement; and 
my only wish was to get to Lake's camp as quickly as I could. It disappointed me 
when he sent word that a rising mountain gale made early aerial travel 
impossible. 

But within an hour and a half interest again rose to banish disappointment. Lake, 
sending more messages, told of the completely successful transportation of the 
fourteen great specimens to the camp. It had been a hard pull, for the things were 
surprisingly heavy; but nine men had accomplished it very neatly. Now some of 
the party were hurriedly building a snow corral at a safe distance from the camp, 
to which the dogs could be brought for greater convenience in feeding. The 
specimens were laid out on the hard snow near the camp, save for one on which 
Lake was making crude attempts at dissection. 

This dissection seemed to be a greater task than had been expected, for, despite 
the heat of a gasoline stove in the newly raised laboratory tent, the deceptively 
flexible tissues of the chosen specimen - a powerful and intact one - lost nothing 
of their more than leathery toughness. Lake was puzzled as to how he might 
make the requisite incisions without violence destructive enough to upset all the 
structural niceties he was looking for. He had, it is true, seven more perfect 
specimens; but these were too few to use up recklessly unless the cave might 
later yield an unlimited supply. Accordingly he removed the specimen and 
dragged in one which, though having remnants of the starfish arrangements at 
both ends, was badly crushed and partly disrupted along one of the great torso 
furrows. 

Results, quickly reported over the wireless, were baffling and provocative 
indeed. Nothing like delicacy or accuracy was possible with instruments hardly 
able to cut the anomalous tissue, but the little that was achieved left us all awed 
and bewildered. Existing biology would have to be wholly revised, for this thing 
was no product of any cell growth science knows about. There had been scarcely 
any mineral replacement, and despite an age of perhaps forty million years, the 
internal organs were wholly intact. The leathery, undeteriorative, and almost 



25 



indestructible quality was an inherent attribute of the thing's form of 
organization, and pertained to some paleogean cycle of invertebrate evolution 
utterly beyond our powers of speculation. At first all that Lake found was dry, 
but as the heated tent produced its thawing effect, organic moisture of pungent 
and offensive odor was encountered toward the thing's uninjured side. It was 
not blood, but a thick, dark-green fluid apparently answering the same purpose. 
By the time Lake reached this stage, all thirty-seven dogs had been brought to the 
still uncompleted corral near the camp, and even at that distance set up a savage 
barking and show of restlessness at the acrid, diffusive smell. 

Far from helping to place the strange entity, this provisional dissection merely 
deepened its mystery. All guesses about its external members had been correct, 
and on the evidence of these one could hardly hesitate to call the thing animal; 
but internal inspection brought up so many vegetable evidences that Lake was 
left hopelessly at sea. It had digestion and circulation, and eliminated waste 
matter through the reddish tubes of its starfish-shaped base. Cursorily, one 
would say that its respiration apparatus handled oxygen rather than carbon 
dioxide, and there were odd evidences of air-storage chambers and methods of 
shifting respiration from the external orifice to at least two other fully developed 
breathing systems - gills and pores. Clearly, it was amphibian, and probably 
adapted to long airless hibernation periods as well. Vocal organs seemed present 
in connection with the main respiratory system, but they presented anomalies 
beyond immediate solution. Articulate speech, in the sense of syllable utterance, 
seemed barely conceivable, but musical piping notes covering a wide range were 
highly probable. The muscular system was almost prematurely developed. 

The nervous system was so complex and highly developed as to leave Lake 
aghast. Though excessively primitive and archaic in some respects, the thing had 
a set of ganglial centers and connectives arguing the very extremes of specialized 
development. Its five-lobed brain was surprisingly advanced, and there were 
signs of a sensory equipment, served in part through the wiry cilia of the head, 
involving factors alien to any other terrestrial organism. Probably it has more 
than five senses, so that its habits could not be predicted from any existing 
analogy. It must. Lake thought, have been a creature of keen sensitiveness and 
delicately differentiated functions in its primal world - much like the ants and 
bees of today. It reproduced like the vegetable cryptogams, especially the 
Pteridophyta, having spore cases at the tips of the wings and evidently 
developing from a thallus or prothallus. 

But to give it a name at this stage was mere folly. It looked like a radiate, but was 
clearly something more. It was partly vegetable, but had three-fourths of the 
essentials of animal structure. That it was marine in origin, its symmetrical 
contour and certain other attributes clearly indicated; yet one could not be exact 



26 



as to the limit of its later adaptations. The wings, after all, held a persistent 
suggestion of the aerial. How it could have undergone its tremendously complex 
evolution on a new-born earth in time to leave prints in Archaean rocks was so 
far beyond conception as to make Lake whimsically recall the primal myths 
about Great Old Ones who filtered down from the stars and concocted earth life 
as a joke or mistake; and the wild tales of cosmic hill things from outside told by 
a folklorist colleague in Miskatonic's English department. 

Naturally, he considered the possibility of the pre-Cambrian prints having been 
made by a less evolved ancestor of the present specimens, but quickly rejected 
this too-facile theory upon considering the advanced structural qualities of the 
older fossils. If anything, the later contours showed decadence rather than higher 
evolution. The size of the pseudofeet had decreased, and the whole morphology 
seemed coarsened and simplified. Moreover, the nerves and organs just 
examined held singular suggestions of retrogression from forms still more 
complex. Atrophied and vestigial parts were surprisingly prevalent. Altogether, 
little could be said to have been solved; and Lake fell back on mythology for a 
provisional name - jocosely dubbing his finds "The Elder Ones." 

At about 2:30 A.M., having decided to postpone further work and get a little rest, 
he covered the dissected organism with a tarpaulin, emerged from the laboratory 
tent, and studied the intact specimens with renewed interest. The ceaseless 
antarctic sun had begun to limber up their tissues a trifle, so that the head points 
and tubes of two or three showed signs of unfolding; but Lake did not believe 
there was any danger of immediate decomposition in the almost subzero air. He 
did, however, move all the undissected specimens close together and throw a 
spare tent over them in order to keep off the direct solar rays. That would also 
help to keep their possible scent away from the dogs, whose hostile unrest was 
really becoming a problem, even at their substantial distance and behind the 
higher and higher snow walls which an increased quota of the men were 
hastening to raise around their quarters. He had to weight down the corners of 
the tent cloth with heavy blocks of snow to hold it in place amidst the rising gale, 
for the titan mountains seemed about to deliver some gravely severe blasts. Early 
apprehensions about sudden antarctic winds were revived, and under Atwood's 
supervision precautions were taken to bank the tents, new dog corral, and crude 
aeroplane shelters with snow on the mountainward side. These latter shelters, 
begun with hard snow blocks during odd moments, were by no means as high as 
they should have been; and Lake finally detached all hands from other tasks to 
work on them. 

It was after four when Lake at last prepared to sign off and advised us all to 
share the rest period his outfit would take when the shelter walls were a little 
higher. He held some friendly chat with Pabodie over the ether, and repeated his 



27 



praise of the really marvelous drills that had helped him make his discovery. 
Atwood also sent greetings and praises. I gave Lake a warm word of 
congratulations, owning up that he was right about the western trip, and we all 
agreed to get in touch by wireless at ten in the morning. If the gale was then 
over. Lake would send a plane for the party at my base. Just before retiring I 
dispatched a final message to the Arkham with instructions about toning down 
the day's news for the outside world, since the full details seemed radical enough 
to rouse a wave of incredulity until further substantiated. 

Ill 

None of us, I imagine, slept very heavily or continuously that morning. Both the 
excitement of Lake's discovery and the mounting fury of the wind were against 
such a thing. So savage was the blast, even where we were, that we could not 
help wondering how much worse it was at Lake's camp, directly under the vast 
unknown peaks that bred and delivered it. McTighe was awake at ten o'clock 
and tried to get Lake on the wireless, as agreed, but some electrical condition in 
the disturbed air to the westward seemed to prevent communication. We did, 
however, get the Arkham, and Douglas told me that he had likewise been vainly 
trying to reach Lake. He had not known about the wind, for very little was 
blowing at McMurdo Sound, despite its persistent rage where we were. 

Throughout the day we all listened anxiously and tried to get Lake at intervals, 
but invariably without results. About noon a positive frenzy of wind stampeded 
out of the west, causing us to fear for the safety of our camp; but it eventually 
died down, with only a moderate relapse at 2 P.M. After three o'clock it was very 
quiet, and we redoubled our efforts to get Lake. Reflecting that he had four 
planes, each provided with an excellent short-wave outfit, we could not imagine 
any ordinary accident capable of crippling all his wireless equipment at once. 
Nevertheless the stony silence continued, and when we thought of the delirious 
force the wind must have had in his locality we could not help making the more 
direful conjectures. 

By six o'clock our fears had become intense and definite, and after a wireless 
consultation with Douglas and Thorfinnssen I resolved to take steps toward 
investigation. The fifth aeroplane, which we had left at the McMurdo Sound 
supply cache with Sherman and two sailors, was in good shape and ready for 
instant use, and it seemed that the very emergency for which it had been saved 
was now upon us. I got Sherman by wireless and ordered him to join me with 
the plane and the two sailors at the southern base as quickly as possible, the air 
conditions being apparently highly favorable. We then talked over the personnel 
of the coming investigation party, and decided that we would include all hands, 
together with the sledge and dogs which I had kept with me. Even so great a 



28 



load would not be too much for one of the huge planes built to our special orders 
for heavy machinery transportation. At intervals I still tried to reach Lake with 
the wireless, but all to no purpose. 

Sherman, with the sailors Gunnarsson and Larsen, took off at 7:30, and reported 
a quiet flight from several points on the wing. They arrived at our base at 
midnight, and all hands at once discussed the next move. It was risky business 
sailing over the antarctic in a single aeroplane without any line of bases, but no 
one drew back from what seemed like the plainest necessity. We turned in at two 
o'clock for a brief rest after some preliminary loading of the plane, but were up 
again in four hours to finish the loading and packing. 

At 7:15 A.M., January 25th, we started flying northwestward under McTighe's 
pilotage with ten men, seven dogs, a sledge, a fuel and food supply, and other 
items including the plane's wireless outfit. The atmosphere was clear, fairly 
quiet, and relatively mild in temperature, and we anticipated very little trouble 
in reaching the latitude and longitude designated by Lake as the site of his camp. 
Our apprehensions were over what we might find, or fail to find, at the end of 
our journey, for silence continued to answer all calls dispatched to the camp. 

Every incident of that four-and-a-half-hour flight is burned into my recollection 
because of its crucial position in my life. It marked my loss, at the age of fifty- 
four, of all that peace and balance which the normal mind possesses through its 
accustomed conception of external nature and nature's laws. Thenceforward the 
ten of us - but the student Danforth and myself above all others - were to face a 
hideously amplified world of lurking horrors which nothing can erase from our 
emotions, and which we would refrain from sharing with mankind in general if 
we could. The newspapers have printed the bulletins we sent from the moving 
plane, telling of our nonstop course, our two battles with treacherous upper-air 
gales, our glimpse of the broken surface where Lake had sunk his mid-journey 
shaft three days before, and our sight of a group of those strange fluffy snow 
cylinders noted by Amundsen and Byrd as rolling in the wind across the endless 
leagues of frozen plateau. There came a point, though, when our sensations 
could not be conveyed in any words the press would understand, and a latter 
point when we had to adopt an actual rule of strict censorship. 

The sailor Larsen was first to spy the jagged line of witchlike cones and pinnacles 
ahead, and his shouts sent everyone to the windows of the great cabined plane. 
Despite our speed, they were very slow in gaining prominence; hence we knew 
that they must be infinitely far off, and visible only because of their abnormal 
height. Little by little, however, they rose grimly into the western sky; allowing 
us to distinguish various bare, bleak, blackish summits, and to catch the curious 
sense of fantasy which they inspired as seen in the reddish antarctic light against 



29 



the provocative background of iridescent ice-dust clouds. In the whole spectacle 
there was a persistent, pervasive hint of stupendous secrecy and potential 
revelation. It was as if these stark, nightmare spires marked the pylons of a 
frightful gateway into forbidden spheres of dream, and complex gulfs of remote 
time, space, and ultra-dimensionality. I could not help feeling that they were evil 
things - mountains of madness whose farther slopes looked out over some 
accursed ultimate abyss. That seething, half-luminous cloud background held 
ineffable suggestions of a vague, ethereal beyondness far more than terrestrially 
spatial, and gave appalling reminders of the utter remoteness, separateness, 
desolation, and aeon-long death of this untrodden and unfathomed austral 
world. 

It was young Danforth who drew our notice to the curious regularities of the 
higher mountain skyline - regularities like clinging fragments of perfect cubes, 
which Lake had mentioned in his messages, and which indeed justified his 
comparison with the dreamlike suggestions of primordial temple ruins, on 
cloudy Asian mountaintops so subtly and strangely painted by Roerich. There 
was indeed something hauntingly Roerich-like about this whole unearthly 
continent of mountainous mystery. I had felt it in October when we first caught 
sight of Victoria Land, and I felt it afresh now. I felt, too, another wave of uneasy 
consciousness of Archaean mythical resemblances; of how disturbingly this 
lethal realm corresponded to the evilly famed plateau of Leng in the primal 
writings. Mythologists have placed Leng in Central Asia; but the racial memory 
of man - or of his predecessors - is long, and it may well be that certain tales have 
come down from lands and mountains and temples of horror earlier than Asia 
and earlier than any human world we know. A few daring mystics have hinted 
at a pre-Pleistocene origin for the fragmentary Pnakotic Manuscripts, and have 
suggested that the devotees of Tsathoggua were as alien to mankind as 
Tsathoggua itself. Leng, wherever in space or time it might brood, was not a 
region I would care to be in or near, nor did I relish the proximity of a world that 
had ever bred such ambiguous and Archaean monstrosities as those Lake had 
just mentioned. At the moment I felt sorry that I had ever read the abhorred 
Necronomicon, or talked so much with that unpleasantly erudite folklorist 
Wilmarth at the university. 

This mood undoubtedly served to aggravate my reaction to the bizarre mirage 
which burst upon us from the increasingly opalescent zenith as we drew near the 
mountains and began to make out the cumulative undulations of the foothills. I 
had seen dozens of polar mirages during the preceding weeks, some of them 
quite as uncanny and fantastically vivid as the present example; but this one had 
a wholly novel and obscure quality of menacing symbolism, and I shuddered as 
the seething labyrinth of fabulous walls and towers and minarets loomed out of 
the troubled ice vapors above our heads. 



30 



The effect was that of a Cyclopean city of no architecture known to man or to 
human imagination, with vast aggregations of night-black masonry embodying 
monstrous perversions of geometrical laws. There were truncated cones, 
sometimes terraced or fluted, surmounted by tall cylindrical shafts here and 
there bulbously enlarged and often capped with tiers of thinnish scalloped disks; 
and strange beetling, table-like constructions suggesting piles of multitudinous 
rectangular slabs or circular plates or five-pointed stars with each one 
overlapping the one beneath. There were composite cones and pyramids either 
alone or surmounting cylinders or cubes or flatter truncated cones and pyramids, 
and occasional needle-like spires in curious clusters of five. All of these febrile 
structures seemed knit together by tubular bridges crossing from one to the other 
at various dizzy heights, and the implied scale of the whole was terrifying and 
oppressive in its sheer gigantism. The general type of mirage was not unlike 
some of the wilder forms observed and drawn by the arctic whaler Scoresby in 
1820, but at this time and place, with those dark, unknown mountain peaks 
soaring stupendously ahead, that anomalous elder-world discovery in our 
minds, and the pall of probable disaster enveloping the greater part of our 
expedition, we all seemed to find in it a taint of latent malignity and infinitely 
evil portent. 

I was glad when the mirage began to break up, though in the process the various 
nightmare turrets and cones assumed distorted, temporary forms of even vaster 
hideousness. As the whole illusion dissolved to churning opalescence we began 
to look earthward again, and saw that our journey's end was not far off. The 
unknown mountains ahead rose dizzily up like a fearsome rampart of giants, 
their curious regularities showing with startling clearness even without a field 
glass. We were over the lowest foothills now, and could see amidst the snow, ice, 
and bare patches of their main plateau a couple of darkish spots which we took 
to be Lake's camp and boring. The higher foothills shot up between five and six 
miles away, forming a range almost distinct from the terrifying line of more than 
Himalayan peaks beyond them. At length Ropes - the student who had relieved 
McTighe at the controls - began to head downward toward the left-hand dark 
spot whose size marked it as the camp. As he did so, McTighe sent out the last 
uncensored wireless message the world was to receive from our expedition. 

Everyone, of course, has read the brief and unsatisfying bulletins of the rest of 
our antarctic sojourn. Some hours after our landing we sent a guarded report of 
the tragedy we found, and reluctantly announced the wiping out of the whole 
Lake party by the frightful wind of the preceding day, or of the night before that. 
Eleven known dead, young Gedney missing. People pardoned our hazy lack of 
details through realization of the shock the sad event must have caused us, and 
believed us when we explained that the mangling action of the wind had 
rendered all eleven bodies unsuitable for transportation outside. Indeed, I flatter 



31 



myself that even in the midst of our distress, utter bewilderment, and soul- 
clutching horror, we scarcely went beyond the truth in any specific instance. The 
tremendous significance lies in what we dared not tell; what I would not tell now 
but for the need of warning others off from nameless terrors. 

It is a fact that the wind had brought dreadful havoc. Whether all could have 
lived through it, even without the other thing, is gravely open to doubt. The 
storm, with its fury of madly driven ice particles, must have been beyond 
anything our expedition had encountered before. One aeroplane shelter-wall, it 
seems, had been left in a far too flimsy and inadequate state - was nearly 
pulverized - and the derrick at the distant boring was entirely shaken to pieces. 
The exposed metal of the grounded planes and drilling machinery was bruised 
into a high polish, and two of the small tents were flattened despite their snow 
banking. Wooden surfaces left out in the blaster were pitted and denuded of 
paint, and all signs of tracks in the snow were completely obliterated. It is also 
true that we found none of the Archaean biological objects in a condition to take 
outside as a whole. We did gather some minerals from a vast, tumbled pile, 
including several of the greenish soapstone fragments whose odd five-pointed 
rounding and faint patterns of grouped dots caused so many doubtful 
comparisons; and some fossil bones, among which were the most typical of the 
curiously injured specimens. 

None of the dogs survived, their hurriedly built snow inclosure near the camp 
being almost wholly destroyed. The wind may have done that, though the 
greater breakage on the side next the camp, which was not the windward one, 
suggests an outward leap or break of the frantic beasts themselves. All three 
sledges were gone, and we have tried to explain that the wind may have blown 
them off into the unknown. The drill and ice-melting machinery at the boring 
were too badly damaged to warrant salvage, so we used them to choke up that 
subtly disturbing gateway to the past which Lake had blasted. We likewise left at 
the camp the two most shaken up of the planes; since our surviving party had 
only four real pilots - Sherman, Danforth, McTighe, and Ropes - in all, with 
Danforth in a poor nervous shape to navigate. We brought back all the books, 
scientific equipment, and other incidentals we could find, though much was 
rather unaccountably blown away. Spare tents and furs were either missing or 
badly out of condition. 

It was approximately 4 P.M., after wide plane cruising had forced us to give 
Gedney up for lost, that we sent our guarded message to the Arkham for 
relaying; and I think we did well to keep it as calm and noncommittal as we 
succeeded in doing. The most we said about agitation concerned our dogs, 
whose frantic uneasiness near the biological specimens was to be expected from 
poor Lake's accounts. We did not mention, I think, their display of the same 



32 



uneasiness when sniffing around the queer greenish soapstones and certain other 
objects in the disordered region-objects including scientific instruments, 
aeroplanes, and machinery, both at the camp and at the boring, whose parts had 
been loosened, moved, or otherwise tampered with by winds that must have 
harbored singular curiosity and investigativeness. 

About the fourteen biological specimens, we were pardonably indefinite. We 
said that the only ones we discovered were damaged, but that enough was left of 
them to prove Lake's description wholly and impressively accurate. It was hard 
work keeping our personal emotions out of this matter - and we did not mention 
numbers or say exactly how we had found those which we did find. We had by 
that time agreed not to transmit anything suggesting madness on the part of 
Lake's men, and it surely looked like madness to find six imperfect monstrosities 
carefully buried upright in nine-foot snow graves under five-pointed mounds 
punched over with groups of dots in patterns exactly those on the queer greenish 
soapstones dug up from Mesozoic or Tertiary times. The eight perfect specimens 
mentioned by Lake seemed to have been completely blown away. 

We were careful, too, about the public's general peace of mind; hence Danforth 
and I said little about that frightful trip over the mountains the next day. It was 
the fact that only a radically lightened plane could possibly cross a range of such 
height, which mercifully limited that scouting tour to the two of us. On our 
return at one A.M., Danforth was close to hysterics, but kept an admirably stiff 
upper lip. It took no persuasion to make him promise not to show our sketches 
and the other things we brought away in our pockets, not to say anything more 
to the others than what we had agreed to relay outside, and to hide our camera 
films for private development later on; so that part of my present story will be as 
new to Pabodie, McTighe, Ropes, Sherman, and the rest as it will be to the world 
in general. Indeed, Danforth is closer mouthed than I: for he saw, or thinks he 
saw, one thing he will not tell even me. 

As all know, our report included a tale of a hard ascent - a confirmation of Lake's 
opinion that the great peaks are of Archaean slate and other very primal 
crumpled strata unchanged since at least middle Comanchian times; a 
conventional comment on the regularity of the clinging cube and rampart 
formations; a decision that the cave mouths indicate dissolved calcaerous veins; a 
conjecture that certain slopes and passes would permit of the scaling and 
crossing of the entire range by seasoned mountaineers; and a remark that the 
mysterious other side holds a lofty and immense superplateau as ancient and 
unchanging as the mountains themselves - twenty thousand feet in elevation, 
with grotesque rock formations protruding through a thin glacial layer and with 
low gradual foothills between the general plateau surface and the sheer 
precipices of the highest peaks. 



33 



This body of data is in every respect true so far as it goes, and it completely 
satisfied the men at the camp. We laid our absence of sixteen hours - a longer 
time than our announced flying, landing, reconnoitering, and rock-collecting 
program called for - to a long mythical spell of adverse wind conditions, and told 
truly of our landing on the farther foothills. Fortunately our tale sounded 
realistic and prosaic enough not to tempt any of the others into emulating our 
flight. Had any tried to do that, I would have used every ounce of my persuasion 
to stop them - and I do not know what Danforth would have done. While we 
were gone, Pabodie, Sherman, Ropes, McTighe, and Williamson had worked like 
beavers over Lake's two best planes, fitting them again for use despite the 
altogether unaccountable juggling of their operative mechanism. 

We decided to load all the planes the next morning and start back for our old 
base as soon as possible. Even though indirect, that was the safest way to work 
toward McMurdo Sound; for a straightline flight across the most utterly 
unknown stretches of the aeon-dead continent would involve many additional 
hazards. Further exploration was hardly feasible in view of our tragic decimation 
and the ruin of our drilling machinery. The doubts and horrors around us - 
which we did not reveal - made us wish only to escape from this austral world of 
desolation and brooding madness as swiftly as we could. 

As the public knows, our return to the world was accomplished without further 
disasters. All planes reached the old base on the evening of the next day - 
January 27th - after a swift nonstop flight; and on the 28th we made McMurdo 
Sound in two laps, the one pause being very brief, and occasioned by a faulty 
rudder in the furious wind over the ice shelf after we had cleared the great 
plateau. In five days more, the Arkham and Miskatonic, with all hands and 
equipment on board, were shaking clear of the thickening field ice and working 
up Ross Sea with the mocking mountains of Victoria Land looming westward 
against a troubled antarctic sky and twisting the wind's wails into a wide-ranged 
musical piping which chilled my soul to the quick. Less than a fortnight later we 
left the last hint of polar land behind us and thanked heaven that we were clear 
of a haunted, accursed realm where life and death, space and time, have made 
black and blasphemous alliances, in the unknown epochs since matter first 
writhed and swam on the planet's scarce-cooled crust. 

Since our return we have all constantly worked to discourage antarctic 
exploration, and have kept certain doubts and guesses to ourselves with 
splendid unity and faithfulness. Even young Danforth, with his nervous 
breakdown, has not flinched or babbled to his doctors - indeed, as I have said, 
there is one thing he thinks he alone saw which he will not tell even me, though I 
think it would help his psychological state if he would consent to do so. It might 
explain and relieve much, though perhaps the thing was no more than the 



34 



delusive aftermath of an earlier shock. That is the impression I gather after those 
rare, irresponsible moments when he whispers disjointed things to me - things 
which he repudiates vehemently as soon as he gets a grip on himself again. 

It will be hard work deterring others from the great white south, and some of our 
efforts may directly harm our cause by drawing inquiring notice. We might have 
known from the first that human curiosity is undying, and that the results we 
announced would be enough to spur others ahead on the same age-long pursuit 
of the unknown. Lake's reports of those biological monstrosities had aroused 
naturalists and paleontologists to the highest pitch, though we were sensible 
enough not to show the detached parts we had taken from the actual buried 
specimens, or our photographs of those specimens as they were found. We also 
refrained from showing the more puzzling of the scarred bones and greenish 
soapstones; while Danforth and I have closely guarded the pictures we took or 
drew on the superplateau across the range, and the crumpled things we 
smoothed, studied in terror, and brought away in our pockets. 

But now that Starkweather-Moore party is organizing, and with a thoroughness 
far beyond anything our outfit attempted. If not dissuaded, they will get to the 
innermost nucleus of the antarctic and melt and bore till they bring up that 
which we know may end the world. So I must break through all reticences at last 
- even about that ultimate, nameless thing beyond the mountains of madness. 

IV 

It is only with vast hesitancy and repugnance that I let my mind go back to 
Lake's camp and what we really found there - and to that other thing beyond the 
mountains of madness. I am constantly tempted to shirk the details, and to let 
hints stand for actual facts and ineluctable deductions. I hope I have said enough 
already to let me glide briefly over the rest; the rest, that is, of the horror at the 
camp. I have told of the wind-ravaged terrain, the damaged shelters, the 
disarranged machinery, the varied uneasiness of our dogs, the missing sledges 
and other items, the deaths of men and dogs, the absence of Gedney, and the six 
insanely buried biological specimens, strangely sound in texture for all their 
structural injuries, from a world forty million years dead. I do not recall whether 
I mentioned that upon checking up the canine bodies we found one dog missing. 
We did not think much about that till later - indeed, only Danforth and I have 
thought of it at all. 

The principal things I have been keeping back relate to the bodies, and to certain 
subtle points which may or may not lend a hideous and incredible kind of 
rationale to the apparent chaos. At the time, I tried to keep the men's minds off 
those points; for it was so much simpler - so much more normal - to lay 



35 



everything to an outbreak of madness on the part of some of Lake's party. From 
the look of things, that demon mountain wind must have been enough to drive 
any man mad in the midst of this center of all earthly mystery and desolation. 

The crowning abnormality, of course, was the condition of the bodies - men and 
dogs alike. They had all been in some terrible kind of conflict, and were torn and 
mangled in fiendish and altogether inexplicable ways. Death, so far as we could 
judge, had in each case come from strangulation or laceration. The dogs had 
evidently started the trouble, for the state of their ill-built corral bore witness to 
its forcible breakage from within. It had been set some distance from the camp 
because of the hatred of the animals for those hellish Archaean organisms, but 
the precaution seemed to have been taken in vain. When left alone in that 
monstrous wind, behind flimsy walls of insufficient height, they must have 
stampeded - whether from the wind itself, or from some subtle, increasing odor 
emitted by the nightmare specimens, one could not say. 

But whatever had happened, it was hideous and revolting enough. Perhaps I had 
better put squeamishness aside and tell the worst at last - though with a 
categorical statement of opinion, based on the first-hand observations and most 
rigid deductions of both Danforth and myself, that the then missing Gedney was 
in no way responsible for the loathsome horrors we found. I have said that the 
bodies were frightfully mangled. Now I must add that some were incised and 
subtracted from in the most curious, cold-blooded, and inhuman fashion. It was 
the same with dogs and men. All the healthier, fatter bodies, quadrupedal or 
bipedal, had had their most solid masses of tissue cut out and removed, as by a 
careful butcher; and around them was a strange sprinkling of salt - taken from 
the ravaged provision chests on the planes - which conjured up the most horrible 
associations. The thing had occurred in one of the crude aeroplane shelters from 
which the plane had been dragged out, and subsequent winds had effaced all 
tracks which could have supplied any plausible theory. Scattered bits of clothing, 
roughly slashed from the human incision subjects, hinted no clues. It is useless to 
bring up the half impression of certain faint snow prints in one shielded corner of 
the ruined inclosure - because that impression did not concern human prints at 
all, but was clearly mixed up with all the talk of fossil prints which poor Lake 
had been giving throughout the preceding weeks. One had to be careful of one's 
imagination in the lee of those overshadowing mountains of madness. 

As I have indicated, Gedney and one dog turned out to be missing in the end. 
When we came on that terrible shelter we had missed two dogs and two men; 
but the fairly unharmed dissecting tent, which we entered after investigating the 
monstrous graves, had something to reveal. It was not as Lake had left it, for the 
covered parts of the primal monstrosity had been removed from the improvised 
table. Indeed, we had already realized that one of the six imperfect and insanely 



36 



buried things we had found - the one with the trace of a pecuharly hateful odor - 
must represent the collected sections of the entity which Lake had tried to 
analyze. On and around that laboratory table were strewn other things, and it 
did not take long for us to guess that those things were the carefully though 
oddly and inexpertly dissected parts of one man and one dog. I shall spare the 
feelings of survivors by omitting mention of the man's identity. Lake's 
anatomical instruments were missing, but there were evidences of their careful 
cleansing. The gasoline stove was also gone, though around it we found a 
curious litter of matches. We buried the human parts beside the other ten men; 
and the canine parts with the other thirty-five dogs. Concerning the bizarre 
smudges on the laboratory table, and on the jumble of roughly handled 
illustrated books scattered near it, we were much too bewildered to speculate. 

This formed the worst of the camp horror, but other things were equally 
perplexing. The disappearance of Gedney, the one dog, the eight uninjured 
biological specimens, the three sledges, and certain instruments, illustrated 
technical and scientific books, writing materials, electric torches and batteries, 
food and fuel, heating apparatus, spare tents, fur suits, and the like, was utterly 
beyond sane conjecture; as were likewise the spatter-fringed ink blots on certain 
pieces of paper, and the evidences of curious alien fumbling and experimentation 
around the planes and all other mechanical devices both at the camp and at the 
boring. 

The dogs seemed to abhor this oddly disordered machinery. Then, too, there was 
the upsetting of the larder, the disappearance of certain staples, and the jarringly 
comical heap of tin cans pried open in the most unlikely ways and at the most 
unlikely places. The profusion of scattered matches, intact, broken, or spent, 
formed another minor enigma - as did the two or three tent cloths and fur suits 
which we found lying about with peculiar and unorthodox slashings conceivably 
due to clumsy efforts at unimaginable adaptations. The maltreatment of the 
human and canine bodies, and the crazy burial of the damaged Archaean 
specimens, were all of a piece with this apparent disintegrative madness. In view 
of just such an eventuality as the present one, we carefully photographed all the 
main evidences of insane disorder at the camp; and shall use the prints to 
buttress our pleas against the departure of the proposed Starkweather- Moore 
Expedition. 

Our first act after finding the bodies in the shelter was to photograph and open 
the row of insane graves with the five-pointed snow mounds. We could not help 
noticing the resemblance of these monstrous mounds, with their clusters of 
grouped dots, to poor Lake's descriptions of the strange greenish soapstones; 
and when we came on some of the soapstones themselves in the great mineral 
pile, we found the likeness very close indeed. The whole general formation, it 



37 



must be made clear, seemed abominably suggestive of the starfish head of the 
Archaean entities; and we agreed that the suggestion must have worked potently 
upon the sensitized minds of Lake's overwrought party. 

For madness - centering in Gedney as the only possible surviving agent - was the 
explanation spontaneously adopted by everybody so far as spoken utterance was 
concerned; though I will not be so naive as to deny that each of us may have 
harbored wild guesses which sanity forbade him to formulate completely. 
Sherman, Pabodie, and McTighe made an exhaustive aeroplane cruise over all 
the surrounding territory in the afternoon, sweeping the horizon with field 
glasses in quest of Gedney and of the various missing things; but nothing came 
to light. The party reported that the titan barrier range extended endlessly to 
right and left alike, without any diminution in height or essential structure. On 
some of the peaks, though, the regular cube and rampart formations were bolder 
and plainer, having doubly fantastic similitudes to Roerich-painted Asian hill 
ruins. The distribution of cryptical cave mouths on the black snow-denuded 
summits seemed roughly even as far as the range could be traced. 

In spite of all the prevailing horrors, we were left with enough sheer scientific 
zeal and adventurousness to wonder about the unknown realm beyond those 
mysterious mountains. As our guarded messages stated, we rested at midnight 
after our day of terror and bafflement - but not without a tentative plan for one 
or more range-crossing altitude flights in a lightened plane with aerial camera 
and geologist's outfit, beginning the following morning. It was decided that 
Danforth and I try it first, and we awaked at 7 A.M. intending an early flight; 
however, heavy winds - mentioned in our brief, bulletin to the outside world - 
delayed our start till nearly nine o'clock. 

I have already repeated the noncommittal story we told the men at camp - and 
relayed outside - after our return sixteen hours later. It is now my terrible duty to 
amplify this account by filling in the merciful blanks with hints of what we really 
saw in the hidden transmontane world - hints of the revelations which have 
finally driven Danforth to a nervous collapse. I wish he would add a really frank 
word about the thing which he thinks he alone saw - even though it was 
probably a nervous delusion - and which was perhaps the last straw that put him 
where he is; but he is firm against that. All I can do is to repeat his later 
disjointed whispers about what set him shrieking as the plane soared back 
through the wind-tortured mountain pass after that real and tangible shock 
which I shared. This will form my last word. If the plain signs of surviving elder 
horrors in what I disclose be not enough to keep others from meddling with the 
inner antarctic - or at least from prying too deeply beneath the surface of that 
ultimate waste of forbidden secrets and inhuman, aeon-cursed desolation - the 
responsibility for unnamable and perhaps immeasurable evils will not be mine. 



38 



Danforth and I, studying the notes made by Pabodie in his afternoon flight and 
checking up with a sextant, had calculated that the lowest available pass in the 
range lay somewhat to the right of us, within sight of camp, and about twenty- 
three thousand or twenty-four thousand feet above sea level. For this point, then, 
we first headed in the lightened plane as we embarked on our flight of discovery. 
The camp itself, on foothills which sprang from a high continental plateau, was 
some twelve thousand feet in altitude; hence the actual height increase necessary 
was not so vast as it might seem. Nevertheless we were acutely conscious of the 
rarefied air and intense cold as we rose; for, on account of visibility conditions, 
we had to leave the cabin windows open. We were dressed, of course, in our 
heaviest furs. 

As we drew near the forbidding peaks, dark and sinister above the line of 
crevasse-riven snow and interstitial glaciers, we noticed more and more the 
curiously regular formations clinging to the slopes; and thought again of the 
strange Asian paintings of Nicholas Roerich. The ancient and wind-weathered 
rock strata fully verified all of Lake's bulletins, and proved that these pinnacles 
had been towering up in exactly the same way since a surprisingly early time in 
earth's history - perhaps over fifty million years. How much higher they had 
once been, it was futile to guess; but everything about this strange region pointed 
to obscure atmospheric influences unfavorable to change, and calculated to 
retard the usual climatic processes of rock disintegration. 

But it was the mountainside tangle of regular cubes, ramparts, and cave mouths 
which fascinated and disturbed us most. I studied them with a field glass and 
took aerial photographs while Danforth drove; and at times I relieved him at the 
controls - though my aviation knowledge was purely an amateur's - in order to 
let him use the binoculars. We could easily see that much of the material of the 
things was a lightish Archaean quartzite, unlike any formation visible over broad 
areas of the general surface; and that their regularity was extreme and uncanny 
to an extent which poor Lake had scarcely hinted. 

As he had said, their edges were crumbled and rounded from untold aeons of 
savage weathering; but their preternatural solidity and tough material had saved 
them from obliteration. Many parts, especially those closest to the slopes, seemed 
identical in substance with the surrounding rock surface. The whole arrangement 
looked like the ruins of Macchu Picchu in the Andes, or the primal foundation 
walls of Kish as dug up by the Oxford Field Museum Expedition in 1929; and 
both Danforth and I obtained that occasional impression of separate Cyclopean 
blocks which Lake had attributed to his flight-companion Carroll. How to 
account for such things in this place was frankly beyond me, and I felt queerly 
humbled as a geologist. Igneous formations often have strange regularities - like 
the famous Giants' Causeway in Ireland - but this stupendous range, despite 



39 



Lake's original suspicion of smoking cones, was above all else nonvolcanic in 
evident structure. 

The curious cave mouths, near which the odd formations seemed most 
abundant, presented another albeit a lesser puzzle because of their regularity of 
outline. They were, as Lake's bulletin had said, often approximately square or 
semicircular; as if the natural orifices had been shaped to greater symmetry by 
some magic hand. Their numerousness and wide distribution were remarkable, 
and suggested that the whole region was honeycombed with tunnels dissolved 
out of limestone strata. Such glimpses as we secured did not extend far within 
the caverns, but we saw that they were apparently clear of stalactites and 
stalagmites. Outside, those parts of the mountain slopes adjoining the apertures 
seemed invariably smooth and regular; and Danforth thought that the slight 
cracks and pittings of the weathering tended toward unusual patterns. Filled as 
he was with the horrors and strangenesses discovered at the camp, he hinted that 
the pittings vaguely resembled those baffling groups of dots sprinkled over the 
primeval greenish soapstones, so hideously duplicated on the madly conceived 
snow mounds above those six buried monstrosities. 

We had risen gradually in flying over the higher foothills and along toward the 
relatively low pass we had selected. As we advanced we occasionally looked 
down at the snow and ice of the land route, wondering whether we could have 
attempted the trip with the simpler equipment of earlier days. Somewhat to our 
surprise we saw that the terrain was far from difficult as such things go; and that 
despite the crevasses and other bad spots it would not have been likely to deter 
the sledges of a Scott, a Shackleton, or an Amundsen. Some of the glaciers 
appeared to lead up to wind-bared passes with unusual continuity, and upon 
reaching our chosen pass we found that its case formed no exception. 

Our sensations of tense expectancy as we prepared to round the crest and peer 
out over an untrodden world can hardly be described on paper; even though we 
had no cause to think the regions beyond the range essentially different from 
those already seen and traversed. The touch of evil mystery in these barrier 
mountains, and in the beckoning sea of opalescent sky glimpsed betwixt their 
summits, was a highly subtle and attenuated matter not to be explained in literal 
words. Rather was it an affair of vague psychological symbolism and aesthetic 
association - a thing mixed up with exotic poetry and paintings, and with archaic 
myths lurking in shunned and forbidden volumes. Even the wind's burden held 
a peculiar strain of conscious malignity; and for a second it seemed that the 
composite sound included a bizarre musical whistling or piping over a wide 
range as the blast swept in and out of the omnipresent and resonant cave 
mouths. There was a cloudy note of reminiscent repulsion in this sound, as 
complex and unplaceable as any of the other dark impressions. 



40 



We were now, after a slow ascent, at a height of twenty-three thousand, five 
hundred and seventy feet according to the aneroid; and had left the region of 
clinging snow definitely below us. Up here were only dark, bare rock slopes and 
the start of rough-ribbed glaciers - but with those provocative cubes, ramparts, 
and echoing cave mouths to add a portent of the unnatural, the fantastic, and the 
dreamlike. Looking along the line of high peaks, I thought I could see the one 
mentioned by poor Lake, with a rampart exactly on top. It seemed to be half lost 
in a queer antarctic haze - such a haze, perhaps, as had been responsible for 
Lake's early notion of volcanism. The pass loomed directly before us, smooth 
and windswept between its jagged and malignly frowning pylons. Beyond it was 
a sky fretted with swirling vapors and lighted by the low polar sun - the sky of 
that mysterious farther realm upon which we felt no human eye had ever gazed. 

A few more feet of altitude and we would behold that realm. Danforth and I, 
unable to speak except in shouts amidst the howling, piping wind that raced 
through the pass and added to the noise of the unmuffled engines, exchanged 
eloquent glances. And then, having gained those last few feet, we did indeed 
stare across the momentous divide and over the unsampled secrets of an elder 
and utterly alien earth. 

V 

I think that both of us simultaneously cried out in mixed awe, wonder, terror, 
and disbelief in our own senses as we finally cleared the pass and saw what lay 
beyond. Of course, we must have had some natural theory in the back of our 
heads to steady our faculties for the moment. Probably we thought of such things 
as the grotesquely weathered stones of the Garden of the Gods in Colorado, or 
the fantastically symmetrical wind-carved rocks of the Arizona desert. Perhaps 
we even half thought the sight a mirage like that we had seen the morning before 
on first approaching those mountains of madness. We must have had some such 
normal notions to fall back upon as our eyes swept that limitless, tempest- 
scarred plateau and grasped the almost endless labyrinth of colossal, regular, 
and geometrically eurythmic stone masses which reared their crumbled and 
pitted crests above a glacial sheet not more than forty or fifty feet deep at its 
thickest, and in places obviously thinner. 

The effect of the monstrous sight was indescribable, for some fiendish violation 
of known natural law seemed certain at the outset. Here, on a hellishly ancient 
table-land fully twenty thousand feet high, and in a climate deadly to habitation 
since a prehuman age not less than five hundred thousand years ago, there 
stretched nearly to the vision's limit a tangle of orderly stone which only the 
desperation of mental self- defense could possibly attribute to any but conscious 
and artificial cause. We had previously dismissed, so far as serious thought was 



41 



concerned, any theory that the cubes and ramparts of the mountainsides were 
other than natural in origin. How could they be otherwise, when man himself 
could scarcely have been differentiated from the great apes at the time when this 
region succumbed to the present unbroken reign of glacial death? 

Yet now the sway of reason seemed irrefutably shaken, for this Cyclopean maze 
of squared, curved, and angled blocks had features which cut off all comfortable 
refuge. It was, very clearly, the blasphemous city of the mirage in stark, objective, 
and ineluctable reality. That damnable portent had had a material basis after all - 
there had been some horizontal stratum of ice dust in the upper air, and this 
shocking stone survival had projected its image across the mountains according 
to the simple laws of reflection. Of course, the phantom had been twisted and 
exaggerated, and had contained things which the real source did not contain; yet 
now, as we saw that real source, we thought it even more hideous and menacing 
than its distant image. 

Only the incredible, unhuman massiveness of these vast stone towers and 
ramparts had saved the frightful things from utter annihilation in the hundreds 
of thousands - perhaps millions - of years it had brooded there amidst the blasts 
of a bleak upland. "Corona Mundi - Roof of the World - " All sorts of fantastic 
phrases sprang to our lips as we looked dizzily down at the unbelievable 
spectacle. I thought again of the eldritch primal myths that had so persistently 
haunted me since my first sight of this dead antarctic world - of the demoniac 
plateau of Leng, of the Mi-Go, or abominable Snow Men of the Himalayas, of the 
Pnakotic Manuscripts with their prehuman implications, of the Cthulhu cult, of 
the Necronomicon, and of the Hyperborean legends of formless Tsathoggua and 
the worse than formless star spawn associated with that semientity. 

For boundless miles in every direction the thing stretched off with very little 
thinning; indeed, as our eyes followed it to the right and left along the base of the 
low, gradual foothills which separated it from the actual mountain rim, we 
decided that we could see no thinning at all except for an interruption at the left 
of the pass through which we had come. We had merely struck, at random, a 
limited part of something of incalculable extent. The foothills were more sparsely 
sprinkled with grotesque stone structures, linking the terrible city to the already 
familiar cubes and ramparts which evidently formed its mountain outposts. 
These latter, as well as the queer cave mouths, were as thick on the inner as on 
the outer sides of the mountains. 

The nameless stone labyrinth consisted, for the most part, of walls from ten to 
one hundred and fifty feet in ice-clear height, and of a thickness varying from 
five to ten feet. It was composed mostly of prodigious blocks of dark primordial 
slate, schist, and sandstone - blocks in many cases as large as 4 x 6 x 8 feet - 



42 



though in several places it seemed to be carved out of a solid, uneven bed rock of 
pre-Cambrian slate. The buildings were far from equal in size, there being 
innumerable honeycomb arrangements of enormous extent as well as smaller 
separate structures. The general shape of these things tended to be conical, 
pyramidal, or terraced; though there were many perfect cylinders, perfect cubes, 
clusters of cubes, and other rectangular forms, and a peculiar sprinkling of 
angled edifices whose five-pointed ground plan roughly suggested modern 
fortifications. The builders had made constant and expert use of the principle of 
the arch, and domes had probably existed in the city's heyday. 

The whole tangle was monstrously weathered, and the glacial surface from 
which the towers projected was strewn with fallen blocks and immemorial 
debris. Where the glaciation was transparent we could see the lower parts of the 
gigantic piles, and we noticed the ice-preserved stone bridges which connected 
the different towers at varying distances above the ground. On the exposed walls 
we could detect the scarred places where other and higher bridges of the same 
sort had existed. Closer inspection revealed countless largish windows; some of 
which were closed with shutters of a petrified material originally wood, though 
most gaped open in a sinister and menacing fashion. Many of the ruins, of 
course, were roofless, and with uneven though wind-rounded upper edges; 
whilst others, of a more sharply conical or pyramidal model or else protected by 
higher surrounding structures, preserved intact outlines despite the omnipresent 
crumbling and pitting. With the field glass we could barely make out what 
seemed to be sculptural decorations in horizontal bands - decorations including 
those curious groups of dots whose presence on the ancient soapstones now 
assumed a vastly larger significance. 

In many places the buildings were totally ruined and the ice sheet deeply riven 
from various geologic causes. In other places the stonework was worn down to 
the very level of the glaciation. One broad swath, extending from the plateau's 
interior, to a cleft in the foothills about a mile to the left of the pass we had 
traversed, was wholly free from buildings. It probably represented, we 
concluded, the course of some great river which in Tertiary times - millions of 
years ago - had poured through the city and into some prodigious subterranean 
abyss of the great barrier range. Certainly, this was above all a region of caves, 
gulfs, and underground secrets beyond human penetration. 

Looking back to our sensations, and recalling our dazedness at viewing this 
monstrous survival from aeons we had thought prehuman, I can only wonder 
that we preserved the semblance of equilibrium, which we did. Of course, we 
knew that something - chronology, scientific theory, or our own consciousness - 
was woefully awry; yet we kept enough poise to guide the plane, observe many 
things quite minutely, and take a careful series of photographs which may yet 



43 



serve both us and the world in good stead. In my case, ingrained scientific habit 
may have helped; for above all my bewilderment and sense of menace, there 
burned a dominant curiosity to fathom more of this age-old secret - to know 
what sort of beings had built and lived in this incalculably gigantic place, and 
what relation to the general world of its time or of other times so unique a 
concentration of life could have had. 

For this place could be no ordinary city. It must have formed the primary 
nucleus and center of some archaic and unbelievable chapter of earth's history 
whose outward ramifications, recalled only dimly in the most obscure and 
distorted myths, had vanished utterly amidst the chaos of terrene convulsions 
long before any human race we know had shambled out of apedom. Here 
sprawled a Palaeogaean megalopolis compared with which the fabled Atlantis 
and Lemuria, Commoriom and Uzuldaroum, and Olathoc in the land of Lomar, 
are recent things of today - not even of yesterday; a megalopolis ranking with 
such whispered prehuman blasphemies as Valusia, R'lyeh, lb in the land of 
Mnar, and the Nameless city of Arabia Deserta. As we flew above that tangle of 
stark titan towers my imagination sometimes escaped all bounds and roved 
aimlessly in realms of fantastic associations - even weaving links betwixt this lost 
world and some of my own wildest dreams concerning the mad horror at the 
camp. 

The plane's fuel tank, in the interest of greater lightness, had been only partly 
filled; hence we now had to exert caution in our explorations. Even so, however, 
we covered an enormous extent of ground - or, rather, air - after swooping down 
to a level where the wind became virtually negligible. There seemed to be no 
limit to the mountain range, or to the length of the frightful stone city which 
bordered its inner foothills. Fifty miles of flight in each direction showed no 
major change in the labyrinth of rock and masonry that clawed up corpselike 
through the eternal ice. There were, though, some highly absorbing 
diversifications; such as the carvings on the canyon where that broad river had 
once pierced the foothills and approached its sinking place in the great range. 
The headlands at the stream's entrance had been boldly carved into Cyclopean 
pylons; and something about the ridgy, barrel-shaped designs stirred up oddly 
vague, hateful, and confusing semi-remembrances in both Danforth and me. 

We also came upon several star-shaped open spaces, evidently public squares, 
and noted various undulations in the terrain. Where a sharp hill rose, it was 
generally hollowed out into some sort of rambling-stone edifice; but there were 
at least two exceptions. Of these latter, one was too badly weathered to disclose 
what had been on the jutting eminence, while the other still bore a fantastic 
conical monument carved out of the solid rock and roughly resembling such 
things as the well-known Snake Tomb in the ancient valley of Petra. 



44 



Flying inland from the mountains, we discovered that the city was not of infinite 
width, even though its length along the foothills seemed endless. After about 
thirty miles the grotesque stone buildings began to thin out, and in ten more 
miles we came to an unbroken waste virtually without signs of sentient artifice. 
The course of the river beyond the city seemed marked by a broad, depressed 
line, while the land assumed a somewhat greater ruggedness, seeming to slope 
slightly upward as it receded in the mist-hazed west. 

So far we had made no landing, yet to leave the plateau without an attempt at 
entering some of the monstrous structures would have been inconceivable. 
Accordingly, we decided to find a smooth place on the foothills near our 
navigable pass, there grounding the plane and preparing to do some exploration 
on foot. Though these gradual slopes were partly covered with a scattering of 
ruins, low flying soon disclosed an ampler number of possible landing places. 
Selecting that nearest to the pass, since our flight would be across the great range 
and back to camp, we succeeded about 12:30 P.M. in effecting a landing on a 
smooth, hard snow field wholly devoid of obstacles and well adapted to a swift 
and favorable take- off later on. 

It did not seem necessary to protect the plane with a snow banking for so brief a 
time and in so comfortable an absence of high winds at this level; hence we 
merely saw that the landing skis were safely lodged, and that the vital parts of 
the mechanism were guarded against the cold. For our foot journey we discarded 
the heaviest of our flying furs, and took with us a small outfit consisting of 
pocket compass, hand camera, light provisions, voluminous notebooks and 
paper, geologist's hammer and chisel, specimen bags, coil of climbing rope, and 
powerful electric torches with extra batteries; this equipment having been carried 
in the plane on the chance that we might be able to effect a landing, take ground 
pictures, make drawings and topographical sketches, and obtain rock specimens 
from some bare slope, outcropping, or mountain cave. Fortunately we had a 
supply of extra paper to tear up, place in a spare specimen bag, and use on the 
ancient principle of hare and hounds for marking our course in any interior 
mazes we might be able to penetrate. This had been brought in case we found 
some cave system with air quiet enough to allow such a rapid and easy method 
in place of the usual rock-chipping method of trail blazing. 

Walking cautiously downhill over the crusted snow toward the stupendous 
stone labyrinth that loomed against the opalescent west, we felt almost as keen a 
sense of imminent marvels as we had felt on approaching the unfathomed 
mountain pass four hours previously. True, we had become visually familiar 
with the incredible secret concealed by the barrier peaks; yet the prospect of 
actually entering primordial walls reared by conscious beings perhaps millions 
of years ago - before any known race of men could have existed - was none the 



45 



less awesome and potentially terrible in its implications of cosmic abnormality. 
Though the thinness of the air at this prodigious altitude made exertion 
somewhat more difficult than usual, both Danforth and I found ourselves 
bearing up very well, and felt equal to almost any task which might fall to our 
lot. It took only a few steps to bring us to a shapeless ruin worn level with the 
snow, while ten or fifteen rods farther on there was a huge, roofless rampart still 
complete in its gigantic five-pointed outline and rising to an irregular height of 
ten or eleven feet. For this latter we headed; and when at last we were actually 
able to touch its weathered Cyclopean blocks, we felt that we had established an 
unprecedented and almost blasphemous link with forgotten aeons normally 
closed to our species. 

This rampart, shaped like a star and perhaps three hundred feet from point to 
point, was built of Jurassic sandstone blocks of irregular size, averaging 6x8 feet 
in surface. There was a row of arched loopholes or windows about four feet wide 
and five feet high, spaced quite symmetrically along the points of the star and at 
its inner angles, and with the bottoms about four feet from the glaciated surface. 
Looking through these, we could see that the masonry was fully five feet thick, 
that there were no partitions remaining within, and that there were traces of 
banded carvings or bas-reliefs on the interior walls - facts we had indeed guessed 
before, when flying low over this rampart and others like it. Though lower parts 
must have originally existed, all traces of such things were now wholly obscured 
by the deep layer of ice and snow at this point. 

We crawled through one of the windows and vainly tried to decipher the nearly 
effaced mural designs, but did not attempt to disturb the glaciated floor. Our 
orientation flights had indicated that many buildings in the city proper were less 
ice-choked, and that we might perhaps find wholly clear interiors leading down 
to the true ground level if we entered those structures still roofed at the top. 
Before we left the rampart we photographed it carefully, and studied its mortar- 
less Cyclopean masonry with complete bewilderment. We wished that Pabodie 
were present, for his engineering knowledge might have helped us guess how 
such titanic blocks could have been handled in that unbelievably remote age 
when the city and its outskirts were built up. 

The half-mile walk downhill to the actual city, with the upper wind shrieking 
vainly and savagely through the skyward peaks in the background, was 
something of which the smallest details will always remain engraved on my 
mind. Only in fantastic nightmares could any human beings but Danforth and 
me conceive such optical effects. Between us and the churning vapors of the west 
lay that monstrous tangle of dark stone towers, its outre and incredible forms 
impressing us afresh at every new angle of vision. It was a mirage in solid stone, 
and were it not for the photographs, I would still doubt that such a thing could 



46 



be. The general type of masonry was identical with that of the rampart we had 
examined; but the extravagant shapes which this masonry took in its urban 
manifestations were past all description. 

Even the pictures illustrate only one or two phases of its endless variety, 
preternatural massiveness, and utterly alien exoticism. There were geometrical 
forms for which an Euclid would scarcely find a name - cones of all degrees of 
irregularity and truncation, terraces of every sort of provocative disproportion, 
shafts with odd bulbous enlargements, broken columns in curious groups, and 
five-pointed or five-ridged arrangements of mad grotesqueness. As we drew 
nearer we could see beneath certain transparent parts of the ice sheet, and detect 
some of the tubular stone bridges that connected the crazily sprinkled structures 
at various heights. Of orderly streets there seemed to be none, the only broad 
open swath being a mile to the left, where the ancient river had doubtless flowed 
through the town into the mountains. 

Our field glasses showed the external, horizontal bands of nearly effaced 
sculptures and dot groups to be very prevalent, and we could half imagine what 
the city must once have looked like - even though most of the roofs and tower 
tops had necessarily perished. As a whole, it had been a complex tangle of 
twisted lanes and alleys, all of them deep canyons, and some little better than 
tunnels because of the overhanging masonry or overarching bridges. Now, 
outspread below us, it loomed like a dream fantasy against a westward mist 
through whose northern end the low, reddish antarctic sun of early afternoon 
was struggling to shine; and when, for a moment, that sun encountered a denser 
obstruction and plunged the scene into temporary shadow, the effect was subtly 
menacing in a way I can never hope to depict. Even the faint howling and piping 
of the unfelt wind in the great mountain passes behind us took on a wilder note 
of purposeful malignity. The last stage of our descent to the town was unusually 
steep and abrupt, and a rock outcropping at the edge where the grade changed 
led us to think that an artificial terrace had once existed there. Under the 
glaciation, we believed, there must be a flight of steps or its equivalent. 

When at last we plunged into the town itself, clambering over fallen masonry 
and shrinking from the oppressive nearness and dwarfing height of omnipresent 
crumbling and pitted walls, our sensations again became such that I marvel at 
the amount of self-control we retained. Danforth was frankly jumpy, and began 
making some offensively irrelevant speculations about the horror at the camp - 
which I resented all the more because I could not help sharing certain 
conclusions forced upon us by many features of this morbid survival from 
nightmare antiquity. The speculations worked on his imagination, too; for in one 
place - where a debris-littered alley turned a sharp corner - he insisted that he 
saw faint traces of ground markings which he did not like; whilst elsewhere he 



47 



stopped to listen to a subtle, imaginary sound from some undefined point - a 
muffled musical piping, he said, not unlike that of the wind in the mountain 
caves, yet somehow disturbingly different. The ceaseless five-pointedness of the 
surrounding architecture and of the few distinguishable mural arabesques had a 
dimly sinister suggestiveness we could not escape, and gave us a touch of 
terrible subconscious certainty concerning the primal entities which had reared 
and dwelt in this unhallowed place. 

Nevertheless, our scientific and adventurous souls were not wholly dead, and 
we mechanically carried out our program of chipping specimens from all the 
different rock types represented in the masonry. We wished a rather full set in 
order to draw better conclusions regarding the age of the place. Nothing in the 
great outer walls seemed to date from later than the Jurassic and Comanchian 
periods, nor was any piece of stone in the entire place of a greater recency than 
the Pliocene Age. In stark certainty, we were wandering amidst a death which 
had reigned at least five hundred thousand years, and in all probability even 
longer. 

As we proceeded through this maze of stone-shadowed twilight we stopped at 
all available apertures to study interiors and investigate entrance possibilities. 
Some were above our reach, whilst others led only into ice-choked ruins as 
unroofed and barren as the rampart on the hill. One, though spacious and 
inviting, opened on a seemingly bottomless abyss without visible means of 
descent. Now and then we had a chance to study the petrified wood of a 
surviving shutter, and were impressed by the fabulous antiquity implied in the 
still discernible grain. These things had come from Mesozoic gymnosperms and 
conifers - especially Cretaceous cycads - and from fan palms and early 
angiosperms of plainly Tertiary date. Nothing definitely later than the Pliocene 
could be discovered. In the placing of these shutters - whose edges showed the 
former presence of queer and long-vanished hinges - usage seemed to be varied - 
some being on the outer and some on the inner side of the deep embrasures. 
They seemed to have become wedged in place, thus surviving the rusting of their 
former and probably metallic fixtures and fastenings. 

After a time we came across a row of windows - in the bulges of a colossal five- 
edged cone of undamaged apex - which led into a vast, well-preserved room 
with stone flooring; but these were too high in the room to permit descent 
without a rope. We had a rope with us, but did not wish to bother with this 
twenty-foot drop unless obliged to-especially in this thin plateau air where great 
demands were made upon the heart action. This enormous room was probably a 
hall or concourse of some sort, and our electric torches showed bold, distinct, 
and potentially startling sculptures arranged round the walls in broad, 
horizontal bands separated by equally broad strips of conventional arabesques. 



48 



We took careful note of this spot, planning to enter here unless a more easily 
gained interior were encountered. 

Finally, though, we did encounter exactly the opening we wished; an archway 
about six feet wide and ten feet high, marking the former end of an aerial bridge 
which had spanned an alley about five feet above the present level of glaciation. 
These archways, of course, were flush with upper-story floors, and in this case 
one of the floors still existed. The building thus accessible was a series of 
rectangular terraces on our left facing westward. That across the alley, where the 
other archway yawned, was a decrepit cylinder with no windows and with a 
curious bulge about ten feet above the aperture. It was totally dark inside, and 
the archway seemed to open on a well of illimitable emptiness. 

Heaped debris made the entrance to the vast left-hand building doubly easy, yet 
for a moment we hesitated before taking advantage of the long-wished chance. 
For though we had penetrated into this tangle of archaic mystery, it required 
fresh resolution to carry us actually inside a complete and surviving building of a 
fabulous elder world whose nature was becoming more and more hideously 
plain to us. In the end, however, we made the plunge, and scrambled up over the 
rubble into the gaping embrasure. The floor beyond was of great slate slabs, and 
seemed to form the outlet of a long, high corridor with sculptured walls. 

Observing the many inner archways which led off from it, and realizing the 
probable complexity of the nest of apartments within, we decided that we must 
begin our system of hare-and-hound trail blazing. Hitherto our compasses, 
together with frequent glimpses of the vast mountain range between the towers 
in our rear, had been enough to prevent our losing our way; but from now on, 
the artificial substitute would be necessary. Accordingly we reduced our extra 
paper to shreds of suitable size, placed these in a bag to be carried by Danforth, 
and prepared to use them as economically as safety would allow. This method 
would probably gain us immunity from straying, since there did not appear to be 
any strong air currents inside the primordial masonry. If such should develop, or 
if our paper supply should give out, we could of course fall back on the more 
secure though more tedious and retarding method of rock chipping. 

Just how extensive a territory we had opened up, it was impossible to guess 
without a trial. The close and frequent connection of the different buildings made 
it likely that we might cross from one to another on bridges underneath the ice, 
except where impeded by local collapses and geologic rifts, for very little 
glaciation seemed to have entered the massive constructions. Almost all the areas 
of transparent ice had revealed the submerged windows as tightly shuttered, as 
if the town had been left in that uniform state until the glacial sheet came to 
crystallize the lower part for all succeeding time. Indeed, one gained a curious 



49 



impression that this place had been dehberately closed and deserted in some 
dim, bygone aeon, rather than overwhelmed by any sudden calamity or even 
gradual decay. Had the coming of the ice been foreseen, and had a nameless 
population left en masse to seek a less doomed abode? The precise physiographic 
conditions attending the formation of the ice sheet at this point would have to 
wait for later solution. It had not, very plainly, been a grinding drive. Perhaps 
the pressure of accumulated snows had been responsible, and perhaps some 
flood from the river, or from the bursting of some ancient glacial dam in the 
great range, had helped to create the special state now observable. Imagination 
could conceive almost anything in connection with this place. 

VI 

It would be cumbrous to give a detailed, consecutive account of our wanderings 
inside that cavernous, aeon-dead honeycomb of primal masonry - that 
monstrous lair of elder secrets which now echoed for the first time, after 
uncounted epochs, to the tread of human feet. This is especially true because so 
much of the horrible drama and revelation came from a mere study of the 
omnipresent mural carvings. Our flashlight photographs of those carvings will 
do much toward proving the truth of what we are now disclosing, and it is 
lamentable that we had not a larger film supply with us. As it was, we made 
crude notebook sketches of certain salient features after all our films were used 
up. 

The building which we had entered was one of great size and elaborateness, and 
gave us an impressive notion of the architecture of that nameless geologic past. 
The inner partitions were less massive than the outer walls, but on the lower 
levels were excellently preserved. Labyrinthine complexity, involving curiously 
irregular difference in floor levels, characterized the entire arrangement; and we 
should certainly have been lost at the very outset but for the trail of torn paper 
left behind us. We decided to explore the more decrepit upper parts first of all, 
hence climbed aloft in the maze for a distance of some one hundred feet, to 
where the topmost tier of chambers yawned snowily and ruinously open to the 
polar sky. Ascent was effected over the steep, transversely ribbed stone ramps or 
inclined planes which everywhere served in lieu of stairs. The rooms we 
encountered were of all imaginable shapes and proportions, ranging from five- 
pointed stars to triangles and perfect cubes. It might be safe to say that their 
general average was about 30 x 30 feet in floor area, and 20 feet in height, though 
many larger apartments existed. After thoroughly examining the upper regions 
and the glacial level, we descended, story by story, into the submerged part, 
where indeed we soon saw we were in a continuous maze of connected 
chambers and passages probably leading over unlimited areas outside this 
particular building. The Cyclopean massiveness and gigantism of everything 



50 



about us became curiously oppressive; and there was something vaguely but 
deeply unhuman in all the contours, dimensions, proportions, decorations, and 
constructional nuances of the blasphemously archaic stonework. We soon 
realized, from what the carvings revealed, that this monstrous city was many 
million years old. 

We cannot yet explain the engineering principles used in the anomalous 
balancing and adjustment of the vast rock masses, though the function of the 
arch was clearly much relied on. The rooms we visited were wholly bare of all 
portable contents, a circumstance which sustained our belief in the city's 
deliberate desertion. The prime decorative feature was the almost universal 
system of mural sculpture, which tended to run in continuous horizontal bands 
three feet wide and arranged from floor to ceiling in alternation with bands of 
equal width given over to geometrical arabesques. There were exceptions to this 
rule of arrangement, but its preponderance was overwhelming. Often, however, 
a series of smooth car-touches containing oddly patterned groups of dots would 
be sunk along one of the arabesque bands. 

The technique, we soon saw, was mature, accomplished, and aesthetically 
evolved to the highest degree of civilized mastery, though utterly alien in every 
detail to any known art tradition of the human race. In delicacy of execution no 
sculpture I have ever seen could approach it. The minutest details of elaborate 
vegetation, or of animal life, were rendered with astonishing vividness despite 
the bold scale of the carvings; whilst the conventional designs were marvels of 
skillful intricacy. The arabesques displayed a profound use of mathematical 
principles, and were made up of obscurely symmetrical curves and angles based 
on the quantity of five. The pictorial bands followed a highly formalized 
tradition, and involved a peculiar treatment of perspective, but had an artistic 
force that moved us profoundly, notwithstanding the intervening gulf of vast 
geologic periods. Their method of design hinged on a singular juxtaposition of 
the cross section with the two-dimensional silhouette, and embodied an 
analytical psychology beyond that of any known race of antiquity. It is useless to 
try to compare this art with any represented in our museums. Those who see our 
photographs will probably find its closest analogue in certain grotesque 
conceptions of the most daring futurists. 

The arabesque tracery consisted altogether of depressed lines, whose depth on 
unweathered walls varied from one to two inches. When cartouches with dot 
groups appeared - evidently as inscriptions in some unknown and primordial 
language and alphabet - the depression of the smooth surface was perhaps an 
inch and a half, and of the dots perhaps a half inch more. The pictorial bands 
were in countersunk low relief, their background being depressed about two 
inches from the original wall surface. In some specimens marks of a former 



51 



coloration could be detected, though for the most part the untold aeons had 
disintegrated and banished any pigments which may have been applied. The 
more one studied the marvelous technique, the more one admired the things. 
Beneath their strict conventionalization one could grasp the minute and accurate 
observation and graphic skill of the artists; and indeed, the very conventions 
themselves served to symbolize and accentuate the real essence or vital 
differentiation of every object delineated. We felt, too, that besides these 
recognizable excellences there were others lurking beyond the reach of our 
perceptions. Certain touches here and there gave vague hints of latent symbols 
and stimuli which another mental and emotional background, and a fuller or 
different sensory equipment, might have made of profound and poignant 
significance to us. 

The subject matter of the sculptures obviously came from the life of the vanished 
epoch of their creation, and contained a large proportion of evident history. It is 
this abnormal historic-mindedness of the primal race - a chance circumstance 
operating, through coincidence, miraculously in our favor - which made the 
carvings so awesomely informative to us, and which caused us to place their 
photography and transcription above all other considerations. In certain rooms 
the dominant arrangement was varied by the presence of maps, astronomical 
charts, and other scientific designs of an enlarged scale - these things giving a 
naive and terrible corroboration to what we gathered from the pictorial friezes 
and dadoes. In hinting at what the whole revealed, I can only hope that my 
account will not arouse a curiosity greater than sane caution on the part of those 
who believe me at all. It would be tragic if any were to be allured to that realm of 
death and horror by the very warning meant to discourage them. 

Interrupting these sculptured walls were high windows and massive twelve-foot 
doorways; both now and then retaining the petrified wooden planks - 
elaborately carved and polished-of the actual shutters and doors. All metal 
fixtures had long ago vanished, but some of the doors remained in place and had 
to be forced aside as we progressed from room to room. Window frames with 
odd transparent panes - mostly elliptical - survived here and there, though in no 
considerable quantity. There were also frequent niches of great magnitude, 
generally empty, but once in a while containing some bizarre object carved from 
green soapstone which was either broken or perhaps held too inferior to warrant 
removal. Other apertures were undoubtedly connected with bygone mechanical 
facilities - heating, lighting, and the like-of a sort suggested in many of the 
carvings. Ceilings tended to be plain, but had sometimes been inlaid with green 
soapstone or other tiles, mostly fallen now. Floors were also paved with such 
tiles, though plain stonework predominated. 



52 



As I have said, all furniture and other movables were absent; but the sculptures 
gave a clear idea of the strange devices which had once filled these tomblike, 
echoing rooms. Above the glacial sheet the floors were generally thick with 
detritus, litter, and debris, but farther down this condition decreased. In some of 
the lower chambers and corridors there was little more than gritty dust or 
ancient incrustations, while occasional areas had an uncanny air of newly swept 
immaculateness. Of course, where rifts or collapses had occurred, the lower 
levels were as littered as the upper ones. A central court - as in other structures 
we had seen from the air - saved the inner regions from total darkness; so that we 
seldom had to use our electric torches in the upper rooms except when studying 
sculptured details. Below the ice cap, however, the twilight deepened; and in 
many parts of the tangled ground level there was an approach to absolute 
blackness. 

To form even a rudimentary idea of our thoughts and feelings as we penetrated 
this aeon-silent maze of unhuman masonry, one must correlate a hopelessly 
bewildering chaos of fugitive moods, memories, and impressions. The sheer 
appalling antiquity and lethal desolation of the place were enough to overwhelm 
almost any sensitive person, but added to these elements were the recent 
unexplained horror at the camp, and the revelations all too soon effected by the 
terrible mural sculptures around us. The moment we came upon a perfect section 
of carving, where no ambiguity of interpretation could exist, it took only a brief 
study to give us the hideous truth - a truth which it would be naive to claim 
Danforth and I had not independently suspected before, though we had carefully 
refrained from even hinting it to each other. There could now be no further 
merciful doubt about the nature of the beings which had built and inhabited this 
monstrous dead city millions of years ago, when man's ancestors were primitive 
archaic mammals, and vast dinosaurs roamed the tropical steppes of Europe and 
Asia. 

We had previously clung to a desperate alternative and insisted - each to himself 
- that the omnipresence of the five-pointed motifs meant only some cultural or 
religious exaltation of the Archaean natural object which had so patently 
embodied the quality of five-pointedness; as the decorative motifs of Minoan 
Crete exalted the sacred bull, those of Egypt the scarabaeus, those of Rome the 
wolf and the eagle, and those of various savage tribes some chosen totem animal. 
But this lone refuge was now stripped from us, and we were forced to face 
definitely the reason-shaking realization which the reader of these pages has 
doubtless long ago anticipated. I can scarcely bear to write it down in black and 
white even now, but perhaps that will not be necessary. 

The things once rearing and dwelling in this frightful masonry in the age of 
dinosaurs were not indeed dinosaurs, but far worse. Mere dinosaurs were new 



53 



and almost brainless objects - but the builders of the city were wise and old, and 
had left certain traces in rocks even then laid down well nigh a thousand million 
years - rocks laid down before the true life of earth had advanced beyond plastic 
groups of cells - rocks laid down before the true life of earth had existed at all. 
They were the makers and enslavers of that life, and above all doubt the originals 
of the fiendish elder myths which things like the Pnakotic Manuscripts and the 
Necronomicon affrightedly hint about. They were the great "Old Ones" that had 
filtered down from the stars when earth was young - the beings whose substance 
an alien evolution had shaped, and whose powers were such as this planet had 
never bred. And to think that only the day before Danforth and I had actually 
looked upon fragments of their millennially fossilized substance - and that poor 
Lake and his party had seen their complete outlines - It is of course impossible 
for me to relate in proper order the stages by which we picked up what we know 
of that monstrous chapter of prehuman life. After the first shock of the certain 
revelation, we had to pause a while to recuperate, and it was fully three o'clock 
before we got started on our actual tour of systematic research. The sculptures in 
the building we entered were of relatively late date - perhaps two million years 
ago-as checked up by geological, biological, and astronomical features - and 
embodied an art which would be called decadent in comparison with that of 
specimens we found in older buildings after crossing bridges under the glacial 
sheet. One edifice hewn from the solid rock seemed to go back forty or possibly 
even fifty million years - to the lower Eocene or upper Cretaceous - and 
contained bas-reliefs of an artistry surpassing anything else, with one 
tremendous exception, that we encountered. That was, we have since agreed, the 
oldest domestic structure we traversed. 

Were it not for the support of those flashlights soon to be made public, I would 
refrain from telling what I found and inferred, lest I be confined as a madman. Of 
course, the infinitely early parts of the patchwork tale - representing the 
preterrestrial life of the star-headed beings on other planets, in other galaxies, 
and in other universes - can readily be interpreted as the fantastic mythology of 
those beings themselves; yet such parts sometimes involved designs and 
diagrams so uncannily close to the latest findings of mathematics and 
astrophysics that I scarcely know what to think. Let others judge when they see 
the photographs I shall publish. 

Naturally, no one set of carvings which we encountered told more than a fraction 
of any connected story, nor did we even begin to come upon the various stages 
of that story in their proper order. Some of the vast rooms were independent 
units so far as their designs were concerned, whilst in other cases a continuous 
chronicle would be carried through a series of rooms and corridors. The best of 
the maps and diagrams were on the walls of a frightful abyss below even the 
ancient ground level - a cavern perhaps two hundred feet square and sixty feet 



54 



high, which had almost undoubtedly been an educational center of some sort. 
There were many provoking repetitions of the same material in different rooms 
and buildings, since certain chapters of experience, and certain summaries or 
phases of racial history, had evidently been favorites with different decorators or 
dwellers. Sometimes, though, variant versions of the same theme proved useful 
in settling debatable points and filling up gaps. 

I still wonder that we deduced so much in the short time at our disposal. Of 
course, we even now have only the barest outline - and much of that was 
obtained later on from a study of the photographs and sketches we made. It may 
be the effect of this later study - the revived memories and vague impressions 
acting in conjunction with his general sensitiveness and with that final supposed 
horror-glimpse whose essence he will not reveal even to me - which has been the 
immediate source of Danforth's present breakdown. But it had to be; for we 
could not issue our warning intelligently without the fullest possible 
information, and the issuance of that warning is a prime necessity. Certain 
lingering influences in that unknown antarctic world of disordered time and 
alien natural law make it imperative that further exploration be discouraged. 

VII 

The full story, so far as deciphered, will eventually appear in an official bulletin 
of Miskatonic University. Here I shall sketch only the salient highlights in a 
formless, rambling way. Myth or otherwise, the sculptures told of the coming of 
those star-headed things to the nascent, lifeless earth out of cosmic space - their 
coming, and the coming of many other alien entities such as at certain times 
embark upon spatial pioneering. They seemed able to traverse the interstellar 
ether on their vast membranous wings - thus oddly confirming some curious hill 
folklore long ago told me by an antiquarian colleague. They had lived under the 
sea a good deal, building fantastic cities and fighting terrific battles with 
nameless adversaries by means of intricate devices employing unknown 
principles of energy. Evidently their scientific and mechanical knowledge far 
surpassed man's today, though they made use of its more widespread and 
elaborate forms only when obliged to. Some of the sculptures suggested that they 
had passed through a stage of mechanized life on other planets, but had receded 
upon finding its effects emotionally unsatisfying. Their preternatural toughness 
of organization and simplicity of natural wants made them peculiarly able to live 
on a high plane without the more specialized fruits of artificial manufacture, and 
even without garments, except for occasional protection against the elements. 

It was under the sea, at first for food and later for other purposes, that they first 
created earth life - using available substances according to long-known methods. 
The more elaborate experiments came after the annihilation of various cosmic 



55 



enemies. They had done the same thing on other planets, having manufactured 
not only necessary foods, but certain multicellular protoplasmic masses capable 
of molding their tissues into all sorts of temporary organs under hypnotic 
influence and thereby forming ideal slaves to perform the heavy work of the 
community. These viscous masses were without doubt what Abdul Alhazred 
whispered about as the "Shoggoths" in his frightful Necronomicon, though even 
that mad Arab had not hinted that any existed on earth except in the dreams of 
those who had chewed a certain alkaloidal herb. When the star-headed Old Ones 
on this planet had synthesized their simple food forms and bred a good supply 
of Shoggoths, they allowed other cell groups to develop into other forms of 
animal and vegetable life for sundry purposes, extirpating any whose presence 
became troublesome. 

With the aid of the Shoggoths, whose expansions could be made to lift 
prodigious weights, the small, low cities under the sea grew to vast and 
imposing labyrinths of stone not unlike those which later rose on land. Indeed, 
the highly adaptable Old Ones had lived much on land in other parts of the 
universe, and probably retained many traditions of land construction. As we 
studied the architecture of all these sculptured palaeogean cities, including that 
whose aeon-dead corridors we were even then traversing, we were impressed by 
a curious coincidence which we have not yet tried to explain, even to ourselves. 
The tops of the buildings, which in the actual city around us had, of course, been 
weathered into shapeless ruins ages ago, were clearly displayed in the bas- 
reliefs, and showed vast clusters of needle-like spires, delicate finials on certain 
cone and pyramid apexes, and tiers of thin, horizontal scalloped disks capping 
cylindrical shafts. This was exactly what we had seen in that monstrous and 
portentous mirage, cast by a dead city whence such skyline features had been 
absent for thousands and tens of thousands of years, which loomed on our 
ignorant eyes across the unfathomed mountains of madness as we first 
approached poor Lake's ill-fated camp. 

Of the life of the Old Ones, both under the sea and after part of them migrated to 
land, volumes could be written. Those in shallow water had continued the fullest 
use of the eyes at the ends of their five main head tentacles, and had practiced 
the arts of sculpture and of writing in quite the usual way - the writing 
accomplished with a stylus on waterproof waxen surfaces. Those lower down in 
the ocean depths, though they used a curious phosphorescent organism to 
furnish light, pieced out their vision with obscure special senses operating 
through the prismatic cilia on their heads - senses which rendered all the Old 
Ones partly independent of light in emergencies. Their forms of sculpture and 
writing had changed curiously during the descent, embodying certain 
apparently chemical coating processes - probably to secure phosphorescence - 
which the basreliefs could not make clear to us. The beings moved in the sea 



56 



partly by swimming - using the lateral crinoid arms - and partly by wriggling 
with the lower tier of tentacles containing the pseudofeet. Occasionally they 
accomplished long swoops with the auxiliary use of two or more sets of their 
fanlike folding wings. On land they locally used the pseudofeet, but now and 
then flew to great heights or over long distances with their wings. The many 
slender tentacles into which the crinoid arms branched were infinitely delicate, 
flexible, strong, and accurate in muscular-nervous coordination - ensuring the 
utmost skill and dexterity in all artistic and other manual operations. 

The toughness of the things was almost incredible. Even the terrific pressure of 
the deepest sea bottoms appeared powerless to harm them. Very few seemed to 
die at all except by violence, and their burial places were very limited. The fact 
that they covered their vertically inhumed dead with five-pointed inscribed 
mounds set up thoughts in Danforth and me which made a fresh pause and 
recuperation necessary after the sculptures revealed it. The beings multiplied by 
means of spores - like vegetable pteridophytes, as Lake had suspected - but, 
owing to their prodigious toughness and longevity, and consequent lack of 
replacement needs, they did not encourage the large-scale development of new 
prothallia except when they had new regions to colonize. The young matured 
swiftly, and received an education evidently beyond any standard we can 
imagine. The prevailing intellectual and aesthetic life was highly evolved, and 
produced a tenaciously enduring set of customs and institutions which I shall 
describe more fully in my coming monograph. These varied slightly according to 
sea or land residence, but had the same foundations and essentials. 

Though able, like vegetables, to derive nourishment from inorganic substances, 
they vastly preferred organic and especially animal food. They ate uncooked 
marine life under the sea, but cooked their viands on land. They hunted game 
and raised meat herds - slaughtering with sharp weapons whose odd marks on 
certain fossil bones our expedition had noted. They resisted all ordinary 
temperatures marvelously, and in their natural state could live in water down to 
freezing. When the great chill of the Pleistocene drew on, however - nearly a 
million years ago-the land dwellers had to resort to special measures, including 
artificial heating - until at last the deadly cold appears to have driven them back 
into the sea. For their prehistoric flights through cosmic space, legend said, they 
absorbed certain chemicals and became almost independent of eating, breathing, 
or heat conditions - but by the time of the great cold they had lost track of the 
method. In any case they could not have prolonged the artificial state indefinitely 
without harm. 

Being nonpairing and semivegetable in structure, the Old Ones had no biological 
basis for the family phase of mammal life, but seemed to organize large 
households on the principles of comfortable space- utility and - as we deduced 



bl 



from the pictured occupations and diversions of co-dwellers - congenial mental 
association. In furnishing their homes they kept everything in the center of the 
huge rooms, leaving all the wall spaces free for decorative treatment. Lighting, in 
the case of the land inhabitants, was accomplished by a device probably electro- 
chemical in nature. Both on land and under water they used curious tables, 
chairs and couches like cylindrical frames - for they rested and slept upright with 
folded- down tentacles - and racks for hinged sets of dotted surfaces forming 
their books. 

Government was evidently complex and probably socialistic, though no 
certainties in this regard could be deduced from the sculptures we saw. There 
was extensive commerce, both local and between different cities - certain small, 
flat counters, five-pointed and inscribed, serving as money. Probably the smaller 
of the various greenish soapstones found by our expedition were pieces of such 
currency. Though the culture was mainly urban, some agriculture and much 
stock raising existed. Mining and a limited amount of manufacturing were also 
practiced. Travel was very frequent, but permanent migration seemed relatively 
rare except for the vast colonizing movements by which the race expanded. For 
personal locomotion no external aid was used, since in land, air, and water 
movement alike the Old Ones seemed to possess excessively vast capacities for 
speed. Loads, however, were drawn by beasts of burden - Shoggoths under the 
sea, and a curious variety of primitive vertebrates in the later years of land 
existence. 

These vertebrates, as well as an infinity of other life forms - animal and 
vegetable, marine, terrestrial, and aerial - were the products of unguided 
evolution acting on life cells made by the Old Ones, but escaping beyond their 
radius of attention. They had been suffered to develop unchecked because they 
had not come in conflict with the dominant beings. Bothersome forms, of course, 
were mechanically exterminated. It interested us to see in some of the very last 
and most decadent sculptures a shambling, primitive mammal, used sometimes 
for food and sometimes as an amusing buffoon by the land dwellers, whose 
vaguely simian and human foreshadowings were unmistakable. In the building 
of land cities the huge stone blocks of the high towers were generally lifted by 
vast-winged pterodactyls of a species heretofore unknown to paleontology. 

The persistence with which the Old Ones survived various geologic changes and 
convulsions of the earth's crust was little short of miraculous. Though few or 
none of their first cities seem to have remained beyond the Archaean Age, there 
was no interruption in their civilization or in the transmission of their records. 
Their original place of advent to the planet was the Antarctic Ocean, and it is 
likely that they came not long after the matter forming the moon was wrenched 
from the neighboring South Pacific. According to one of the sculptured maps the 



58 



whole globe was then under water, with stone cities scattered farther and farther 
from the antarctic as aeons passed. Another map shows a vast bulk of dry land 
around the south pole, where it is evident that some of the beings made 
experimental settlements, though their main centers were transferred to the 
nearest sea bottom. Later maps, which display the land mass as cracking and 
drifting, and sending certain detached parts northward, uphold in a striking way 
the theories of continental drift lately advanced by Taylor, Wegener, and Joly. 

With the upheaval of new land in the South Pacific tremendous events began. 
Some of the marine cities were hopelessly shattered, yet that was not the worst 
misfortune. Another race - a land race of beings shaped like octopi and probably 
corresponding to fabulous prehuman spawn of Cthulhu - soon began filtering 
down from cosmic infinity and precipitated a -monstrous war which for a time 
drove the Old Ones wholly back to the sea - a colossal blow in view of the 
increasing land settlements. Later peace was made, and the new lands were 
given to the Cthulhu spawn whilst the Old Ones held the sea and the older 
lands. New land cities were founded - the greatest of them in the antarctic, for 
this region of first arrival was sacred. From then on, as before, the antarctic 
remained the center of the Old Ones' civilization, and all the cities built there by 
the Cthulhu spawn were blotted out. Then suddenly the lands of the Pacific sank 
again, taking with them the frightful stone city of R'lyeh and all the cosmic 
octopi, so that the Old Ones were again supreme on the planet except for one 
shadowy fear about which they did not like to speak. At a rather later age their 
cities dotted all the land and water areas of the globe - hence the 
recommendation in my coming monograph that some archaeologist make 
systematic borings with Pabodie's type of apparatus in certain widely separated 
regions. 

The steady trend down the ages was from water to land - a movement 
encouraged by the rise of new land masses, though the ocean was never wholly 
deserted. Another cause of the landward movement was the new difficulty in 
breeding and managing the Shoggoths upon which successful sea life depended. 
With the march of time, as the sculptures sadly confessed, the art of creating new 
life from inorganic matter had been lost, so that the Old Ones had to depend on 
the molding of forms already in existence. On land the great reptiles proved 
highly tractable; but the Shoggoths of the sea, reproducing by fission and 
acquiring a dangerous degree of accidental intelligence, presented for a time a 
formidable problem. 

They had always been controlled through the hypnotic suggestions of the Old 
Ones, and had modeled their tough plasticity into various useful temporary 
limbs and organs; but now their self-modeling powers were sometimes exercised 
independently, and in various imitative forms implanted by past suggestion. 



59 



They had, it seems, developed a semistable brain whose separate and 
occasionally stubborn volition echoed the will of the Old Ones without always 
obeying it. Sculptured images of these Shoggoths filled Danforth and me with 
horror and loathing. They were normally shapeless entities composed of a 
viscous jelly which looked like an agglutination of bubbles, and each averaged 
about fifteen feet in diameter when a sphere. They had, however, a constantly 
shifting shape and volume - throwing out temporary developments or forming 
apparent organs of sight, hearing, and speech in imitation of their masters, either 
spontaneously or according to suggestion. 

They seem to have become peculiarly intractable toward the middle of the 
Permian Age, perhaps one hundred and fifty million years ago, when a veritable 
war of resubjugation was waged upon them by the marine Old Ones. Pictures of 
this war, and of the headless, slime-coated fashion in which the Shoggoths 
typically left their slain victims, held a marvelously fearsome quality despite the 
intervening abyss of untold ages. The Old Ones had used curious weapons of 
molecular and atomic disturbances against the rebel entities, and in the end had 
achieved a complete victory. Thereafter the sculptures showed a period in which 
Shoggoths were tamed and broken by armed Old Ones as the wild horses of the 
American west were tamed by cowboys. Though during the rebellion the 
Shoggoths had shown an ability to live out of water, this transition was not 
encouraged - since their usefulness on land would hardly have been 
commensurate with the trouble of their management. 

During the Jurassic Age the Old Ones met fresh adversity in the form of a new 
invasion from outer space - this time by half-fungous, half-crustacean creatures - 
creatures undoubtedly the same as those figuring in certain whispered hill 
legends of the north, and remembered in the Himalayas as the Mi-Go, or 
abominable Snow Men. To fight these beings the Old Ones attempted, for the 
first time since their terrene advent, to sally forth again into the planetary ether; 
but, despite all traditional preparations, found it no longer possible to leave the 
earth's atmosphere. Whatever the old secret of interstellar travel had been, it was 
now definitely lost to the race. In the end the Mi-Go drove the Old Ones out of all 
the northern lands, though they were powerless to disturb those in the sea. Little 
by little the slow retreat of the elder race to their original antarctic habitat was 
beginning. 

It was curious to note from the pictured battles that both the Cthulhu spawn and 
the Mi-Go seem to have been composed of matter more widely different from 
that which we know than was the substance of the Old Ones. They were able to 
undergo transformations and reintegrations impossible for their adversaries, and 
seem therefore to have originally come from even remoter gulfs of the cosmic 
space. The Old Ones, but for their abnormal toughness and peculiar vital 



60 



properties, were strictly material, and must have had their absolute origin within 
the known space-time continuum - whereas the first sources of the other beings 
can only be guessed at with bated breath. All this, of course, assuming that the 
non-terrestrial linkages and the anomalies ascribed to the invading foes are not 
pure mythology. Conceivably, the Old Ones might have invented a cosmic 
framework to account for their occasional defeats, since historical interest and 
pride obviously formed their chief psychological element. It is significant that 
their annals failed to mention many advanced and potent races of beings whose 
mighty cultures and towering cities figure persistently in certain obscure 
legends. 

The changing state of the world through long geologic ages appeared with 
startling vividness in many of the sculptured maps and scenes. In certain cases 
existing science will require revision, while in other cases its bold deductions are 
magnificently confirmed. As I have said, the hypothesis of Taylor, Wegener, and 
Joly that all the continents are fragments of an original antarctic land mass which 
cracked from centrifugal force and drifted apart over a technically viscous lower 
surface - an hypothesis suggested by such things as the complementary outlines 
of Africa and South America, and the way the great mountain chains are rolled 
and shoved up - receives striking support from this uncanny source. 

Maps evidently showing the Carboniferous world of an hundred million or more 
years ago displayed significant rifts and chasms destined later to separate Africa 
from the once continuous realms of Europe (then the Valusia of primal legend), 
Asia, the Americas, and the antarctic continent. Other charts - and most 
significantly one in connection with the founding fifty million years ago of the 
vast dead city around us - showed all the present continents well differentiated. 
And in the latest discoverable specimen - dating perhaps from the Pliocene Age - 
the approximate world of today appeared quite clearly despite the linkage of 
Alaska with Siberia, of North America with Europe through Greenland, and of 
South America with the antarctic continent through Graham Land. In the 
Carboniferous map the whole globe-ocean floor and rifted land mass alike - bore 
symbols of the Old Ones' vast stone cities, but in the later charts the gradual 
recession toward the antarctic became very plain. The final Pliocene specimen 
showed no land cities except on the antarctic continent and the tip of South 
America, nor any ocean cities north of the fiftieth parallel of South Latitude. 
Knowledge and interest in the northern world, save for a study of coast lines 
probably made during long exploration flights on those fanlike membranous 
wings, had evidently declined to zero among the Old Ones. 

Destruction of cities through the upthrust of mountains, the centrifugal rending 
of continents, the seismic convulsions of land or sea bottom, and other natural 
causes, was a matter of common record; and it was curious to observe how fewer 



61 



and fewer replacements were made as the ages wore on. The vast dead 
megalopoHs that yawned around us seemed to be the last general center of the 
race - built early in the Cretaceous Age after a titanic earth buckling had 
obliterated a still vaster predecessor not far distant. It appeared that this general 
region was the most sacred spot of all, where reputedly the first Old Ones had 
settled on a primal sea bottom. In the new city - many of whose features we 
could recognize in the sculptures, but which stretched fully a hundred miles 
along the mountain range in each direction beyond the farthest limits of our 
aerial survey - there were reputed to be preserved certain sacred stones forming 
part of the first sea-bottom city, which thrust up to light after long epochs in the 
course of the general crumbling of strata. 

VIII 

Naturally, Danforth and I studied with especial interest and a peculiarly 
personal sense of awe everything pertaining to the immediate district in which 
we were. Of this local material there was naturally a vast abundance; and on the 
tangled ground level of the city we were lucky enough to find a house of very 
late date whose walls, though somewhat damaged by a neighboring rift, 
contained sculptures of decadent workmanship carrying the story of the region 
much beyond the period of the Pliocene map whence we derived our last general 
glimpse of the prehuman world. This was the last place we examined in detail, 
since what we found there gave us a fresh immediate objective. 

Certainly, we were in one of the strangest, weirdest, and most terrible of all the 
corners of earth's globe. Of all existing lands, it was infinitely the most ancient. 
The conviction grew upon us that this hideous upland must indeed be the fabled 
nightmare plateau of Leng which even the mad author of the Necronomicon was 
reluctant to discuss. The great mountain chain was tremendously long - starting 
as a low range at Luitpold Land on the east coast of Weddell Sea and virtually 
crossing the entire continent. That really high part stretched in a mighty arc from 
about Latitude 82°, E. Longitude 60° to Latitude 70°, E. Longitude 115°, with its 
concave side toward our camp and its seaward end in the region of that long, ice- 
locked coast whose hills were glimpsed by Wilkes and Mawson at the antarctic 
circle. 

Yet even more monstrous exaggerations of nature seemed disturbingly close at 
hand. I have said that these peaks are higher than the Himalayas, but the 
sculptures forbid me to say that they are earth's highest. That grim honor is 
beyond doubt reserved for something which half the sculptures hesitated to 
record at all, whilst others approached it with obvious repugnance and 
trepidation. It seems that there was one part of the ancient land - the first part 
that ever rose from the waters after the earth had flung off the moon and the Old 



62 



Ones had seeped down, from the stars - which had come to be shunned as 
vaguely and namelessly evil. Cities built there had crumbled before their time, 
and had been found suddenly deserted. Then when the first great earth buckling 
had convulsed the region in the Comanchian Age, a frightful line of peaks had 
shot suddenly up amidst the most appalling din and chaos - and earth had 
received her loftiest and most terrible mountains. 

If the scale of the carvings was correct, these abhorred things must have been 
much over forty thousand feet high - radically vaster than even the shocking 
mountains of madness we had crossed. They extended, it appeared, from about 
Latitude 77°, E. Longitude 70° to Latitude 70°, E. Longitude 100° - less than three 
hundred miles away from the dead city, so that we would have spied their 
dreaded summits in the dim western distance had it not been for that vague, 
opalescent haze. Their northern end must likewise be visible from the long 
antarctic circle coast line at Queen Mary Land. 

Some of the Old Ones, in the decadent days, had made strange prayers to those 
mountains - but none ever went near them or dared to guess what lay beyond. 
No human eye had ever seen them, and as I studied the emotions conveyed in 
the carvings, I prayed that none ever might. There are protecting hills along the 
coast beyond them - Queen Mary and Kaiser Wilhelm Lands - and I thank 
Heaven no one has been able to land and climb those hills. I am not as sceptical 
about old tales and fears as I used to be, and I do not laugh now at the prehuman 
sculptor's notion that lightning paused meaningfully now and then at each of the 
brooding crests, and that an unexplained glow shone from one of those terrible 
pinnacles all through the long polar night. There may be a very real and very 
monstrous meaning in the old Pnakotic whispers about Kadath in the Cold 
Waste. 

But the terrain close at hand was hardly less strange, even if less namelessly 
accursed. Soon after the founding of the city the great mountain range became 
the seat of the principal temples, and many carvings showed what grotesque and 
fantastic towers had pierced the sky where now we saw only the curiously 
clinging cubes and ramparts. In the course of ages the caves had appeared, and 
had been shaped into adjuncts of the temples. With the advance of still later 
epochs, all the limestone veins of the region were hollowed out by ground 
waters, so that the mountains, the foothills, and the plains below them were a 
veritable network of connected caverns and galleries. Many graphic sculptures 
told of explorations deep underground, and of the final discovery of the Stygian 
sunless sea that lurked at earth's bowels. 

This vast nighted gulf had undoubtedly been worn by the great river which 
flowed down from the nameless and horrible westward mountains, and which 



63 



had formerly turned at the base of the Old Ones' range and flowed beside that 
chain into the Indian Ocean between Budd and Totten Lands on Wilkes's coast 
line. Little by little it had eaten away the limestone hill base at its turning, till at 
last its sapping currents reached the caverns of the ground waters and joined 
with them in digging a deeper abyss. Finally its whole bulk emptied into the 
hollow hills and left the old bed toward the ocean dry. Much of the later city as 
we now found it had been built over that former bed. The Old Ones, 
understanding what had happened, and exercising their always keen artistic 
sense, had carved into ornate pylons those headlands of the foothills where the 
great stream began its descent into eternal darkness. 

This river, once crossed by scores of noble stone bridges, was plainly the one 
whose extinct course we had seen in our aeroplane survey. Its position in 
different carvings of the city helped us to orient ourselves to the scene as it had 
been at various stages of the region's age-long, aeon-dead history, so that we 
were able to sketch a hasty but careful map of the salient features - squares, 
important buildings, and the like - for guidance in further explorations. We could 
soon reconstruct in fancy the whole stupendous thing as it was a million or ten 
million or fifty million years ago, for the sculptures told us exactly what the 
buildings and mountains and squares and suburbs and landscape setting and 
luxuriant Tertiary vegetation had looked like. It must have had a marvelous and 
mystic beauty, and as I thought of it, I almost forgot the clammy sense of sinister 
oppression with which the city's inhuman age and massiveness and deadness 
and remoteness and glacial twilight had choked and weighed on my spirit. Yet 
according to certain carvings, the denizens of that city had themselves known the 
clutch of oppressive terror; for there was a somber and recurrent type of scene in 
which the Old Ones were shown in the act of recoiling affrightedly from some 
object - never allowed to appear in the design - found in the great river and 
indicated as having been washed down through waving, vine-draped cycad 
forests from those horrible westward mountains. 

It was only in the one late-built house with the decadent carvings that we 
obtained any foreshadowing of the final calamity leading to the city's desertion. 
Undoubtedly there must have been many sculptures of the same age elsewhere, 
even allowing for the slackened energies and aspirations of a stressful and 
uncertain period; indeed, very certain evidence of the existence of others came to 
us shortly afterward. But this was the first and only set we directly encountered. 
We meant to look farther later on; but as I have said, immediate conditions 
dictated another present objective. There would, though, have been a limit - for 
after all hope of a long future occupancy of the place had perished among the 
Old Ones, there could not but have been a complete cessation of mural 
decoration. The ultimate blow, of course, was the coming of the great cold which 
once held most of the earth in thrall, and which has never departed from the ill- 



64 



fated poles - the great cold that, at the world's other extremity, put an end to the 
fabled lands of Lomar and Hyperborea. 

Just when this tendency began in the antarctic, it would be hard to say in terms 
of exact years. Nowadays we set the beginning of the general glacial periods at a 
distance of about five hundred thousand years from the present, but at the poles 
the terrible scourge must have commenced much earlier. All quantitative 
estimates are partly guesswork, but it is quite likely that the decadent sculptures 
were made considerably less than a million years ago, and that the actual 
desertion of the city was complete long before the conventional opening of the 
Pleistocene - five hundred thousand years ago - as reckoned in terms of the 
earth's whole surface. 

In the decadent sculptures there were signs of thinner vegetation everywhere, 
and of a decreased country life on the part of the Old Ones. Heating devices were 
shown in the houses, and winter travelers were represented as muffled in 
protective fabrics. Then we saw a series of cartouches - the continuous band 
arrangement being frequently interrupted in these late carvings - depicting a 
constantly growing migration to the nearest refuges of greater warmth - some 
fleeing to cities under the sea off the far-away coast, and some clambering down 
through networks of limestone caverns in the hollow hills to the neighboring 
black abyss of subterrene waters. 

In the end it seems to have been the neighboring abyss which received the 
greatest colonization. This was partly due, no doubt, to the traditional sacredness 
of this special region, but may have been more conclusively determined by the 
opportunities it gave for continuing the use of the great temples on the 
honeycombed mountains, and for retaining the vast land city as a place of 
summer residence and base of communication with various mines. The linkage 
of old and new abodes was made more effective by means of several gradings 
and improvements along the connecting routes, including the chiseling of 
numerous direct tunnels from the ancient metropolis to the black abyss - sharply 
down-pointing tunnels whose mouths we carefully drew, according to our most 
thoughtful estimates, on the guide map we were compiling. It was obvious that 
at least two of these tunnels lay within a reasonable exploring distance of where 
we were - both being on the mountainward edge of the city, one less than a 
quarter of a mile toward the ancient river course, and the other perhaps twice 
that distance in the opposite direction. 

The abyss, it seems, had shelving shores of dry land at certain places, but the Old 
Ones built their new city under water - no doubt because of its greater certainty 
of uniform warmth. The depth of the hidden sea appears to have been very great, 
so that the earth's internal heat could ensure its habitability for an indefinite 



65 



period. The beings seemed to have had no trouble in adapting themselves to 
part-time - and eventually, of course, whole-time - residence under water, since 
they had never allowed their gill systems to atrophy. There were many 
sculptures which showed how they had always frequently visited their 
submarine kinsfolk elsewhere, and how they had habitually bathed on the deep 
bottom of their great river. The darkness of inner earth could likewise have been 
no deterrent to a race accustomed to long antarctic nights. 

Decadent though their style undoubtedly was, these latest carvings had a truly 
epic quality where they told of the building of the new city in the cavern sea. The 
Old Ones had gone about it scientifically - quarrying insoluble rocks from the 
heart of the honeycombed mountains, and employing expert workers from the 
nearest submarine city to perform the construction according to the best 
methods. These workers brought with them all that was necessary to establish 
the new venture - Shoggoth tissue from which to breed stone lifters and 
subsequent beasts of burden for the cavern city, and other protoplasmic matter to 
mold into phosphorescent organisms for lighting purposes. 

At last a mighty metropolis rose on the bottom of that Stygian sea, its 
architecture much like that of the city above, and its workmanship displaying 
relatively little decadence because of the precise mathematical element inherent 
in building operations. The newly bred Shoggoths grew to enormous size and 
singular intelligence, and were represented as taking and executing orders with 
marvelous quickness. They seemed to converse with the Old Ones by mimicking 
their voices - a sort of musical piping over a wide range, if poor Lake's dissection 
had indicated aright - and to work more from spoken commands than from 
hypnotic suggestions as in earlier times. They were, however, kept in admirable 
control. The phosphorescent organisms supplied light With vast effectiveness, 
and doubtless atoned for the loss of the familiar polar auroras of the outer-world 
night. 

Art and decoration were pursued, though of course with a certain decadence. 
The Old Ones seemed to realize this falling off themselves, and in many cases 
anticipated the policy of Constantine the Great by transplanting especially fine 
blocks of ancient carving from their land city, just as the emperor, in a similar age 
of decline, stripped Greece and Asia of their finest art to give his new Byzantine 
capital greater splendors than its own people could create. That the transfer of 
sculptured blocks had not been more extensive was doubtless owing to the fact 
that the land city was not at first wholly abandoned. By the time total 
abandonment did occur - and it surely must have occurred before the polar 
Pleistocene was far advanced - the Old Ones had perhaps become satisfied with 
their decadent art - or had ceased to recognize the superior merit of the older 
carvings. At any rate, the aeon-silent ruins around us had certainly undergone no 



66 



wholesale sculptural denudation, though all the best separate statues, like other 
movables, had been taken away. 

The decadent cartouches and dadoes telling this story were, as I have said, the 
latest we could find in our limited search. They left us with a picture of the Old 
Ones shuttling back and forth betwixt the land city in summer and the sea- 
cavern city in winter, and sometimes trading with the sea-bottom cities off the 
antarctic coast. By this time the ultimate doom of the land city must have been 
recognized, for the sculptures showed many signs of the cold's malign 
encroachments. Vegetation was declining, and the terrible snows of the winter 
no longer melted completely even in midsummer. The saunan livestock were 
nearly all dead, and the mammals were standing it none too well. To keep on 
with the work of the upper world it had become necessary to adapt some of the 
amorphous and curiously cold-resistant Shoggoths to land life - a thing the Old 
Ones had formerly been reluctant to do. The great river was now lifeless, and the 
upper sea had lost most of its denizens except the seals and whales. All the birds 
had flown away, save only the great, grotesque penguins. 

What had happened afterward we could only guess. How long had the new sea- 
cavern city survived? Was it still down there, a stony corpse in eternal blackness? 
Had the subterranean waters frozen at last? To what fate had the ocean-bottom 
cities of the outer world been delivered? Had any of the Old Ones shifted north 
ahead of the creeping ice cap? Existing geology shows no trace of their presence. 
Had the frightful Mi-Go been still a menace in the outer land world of the north? 
Could one be sure of what might or might not linger, even to this day, in the 
lightless and unplumbed abysses of earth's deepest waters? Those things had 
seemingly been able to withstand any amount of pressure - and men of the sea 
have fished up curious objects at times. And has the killer-whale theory really 
explained the savage and mysterious scars on antarctic seals noticed a generation 
ago by Borchgrevingk? 

The specimens found by poor Lake did not enter into these guesses, for their 
geologic setting proved them to have lived at what must have been a very early 
date in the land city's history. They were, according to their location, certainly 
not less than thirty million years old, and we reflected that in their day the sea- 
cavern city, and indeed the cavern itself, had had no existence. They would have 
remembered an older scene, with lush Tertiary vegetation everywhere, a 
younger land city of flourishing arts around them, and a great river sweeping 
northward along the base of the mighty mountains toward a far-away tropic 
ocean. 

And yet we could not help thinking about these specimens - especially about the 
eight perfect ones that were missing from Lake's hideously ravaged camp. There 



67 



was something abnormal about that whole business - the strange things we had 
tried so hard to lay to somebody's madness - those frightful graves - the amount 
and nature of the missing material - Gedney - the unearthly toughness of those 
archaic monstrosities, and the queer vital freaks the sculptures now showed the 
race to have - Danforth and I had seen a good deal in the last few hours, and 
were prepared to believe and keep silent about many appalling and incredible 
secrets of primal nature. 

IX 

I have said that our study of the decadent sculptures brought about a change in 
our immediate objective. This, of course, had to do with the chiseled avenues to 
the black inner world, of whose existence we had not known before, but which 
we were now eager to find and traverse. From the evident scale of the carvings 
we deduced that a steeply descending walk of about a mile through either of the 
neighboring tunnels would bring us to the brink of the dizzy, sunless cliffs about 
the great abyss; down whose sides paths, improved by the Old Ones, led to the 
rocky shore of the hidden and nighted ocean. To behold this fabulous gulf in 
stark reality was a lure which seemed impossible of resistance once we knew of 
the thing - yet we realized we must begin the quest at once if we expected to 
include it in our present trip. 

It was now 8 P.M., and we did not have enough battery replacements to let our 
torches burn on forever. We had done so much studying and copying below the 
glacial level that our battery supply had had at least five hours of nearly 
continuous use, and despite the special dry cell formula, would obviously be 
good for only about four more - though by keeping one torch unused, except for 
especially interesting or difficult places, we might manage to eke out a safe 
margin beyond that. It would not do to be without a light in these Cyclopean 
catacombs, hence in order to make the abyss trip we must give up all further 
mural deciphering. Of course we intended to revisit the place for days and 
perhaps weeks of intensive study and photography - curiosity having long ago 
got the better of horror - but just now we must hasten. 

Our supply of trail-blazing paper was far from unlimited, and we were reluctant 
to sacrifice spare notebooks or sketching paper to augment it, but we did let one 
large notebook go. If worse came to worst we could resort to rock chipping - and 
of course it would be possible, even in case of really lost direction, to work up to 
full daylight by one channel or another if granted sufficient time for plentiful 
trial and error. So at last we set off eagerly in the indicated direction of the 
nearest tunnel. 



68 



According to the carvings from which we had made our map, the desired tunnel 
mouth could not be much more than a quarter of a mile from where we stood; 
the intervening space showing solid-looking buildings quite likely to be 
penetrable still at a sub-glacial level. The opening itself would be in the basement 
- on the angle nearest the foothills - of a vast five-pointed structure of evidently 
public and perhaps ceremonial nature, which we tried to identify from our aerial 
survey of the ruins. 

No such structure came to our minds as we recalled our flight, hence we 
concluded that its upper parts had been greatly damaged, or that it had been 
totally shattered in an ice rift we had noticed. In the latter case the tunnel would 
probably turn out to be choked, so that we would have to try the next nearest 
one - the one less than a mile to the north. The intervening river course 
prevented our trying any of the more southern tunnels on this trip; and indeed, if 
both of the neighboring ones were choked it was doubtful whether our batteries 
would warrant an attempt on the next northerly one - about a mile beyond our 
second choice. 

As we threaded our dim way through the labyrinth with the aid of map and 
compass - traversing rooms and corridors in every stage of ruin or preservation, 
clambering up ramps, crossing upper floors and bridges and clambering down 
again, encountering choked doorways and piles of debris, hastening now and 
then along finely preserved and uncannily immaculate stretches, taking false 
leads and retracing our way (in such cases removing the blind paper trail we had 
left), and once in a while striking the bottom of an open shaft through which 
daylight poured or trickled down - we were repeatedly tantalized by the 
sculptured walls along our route. Many must have told tales of immense 
historical importance, and only the prospect of later visits reconciled us to the 
need of passing them by. As it was, we slowed down once in a while and turned 
on our second torch. If we had had more films, we would certainly have paused 
briefly to photograph certain bas-reliefs, but time-consuming hand-copying was 
clearly out of the question. 

I come now once more to a place where the temptation to hesitate, or to hint 
rather than state, is very strong. It is necessary, however, to reveal the rest in 
order to justify my course in discouraging further exploration. We had wormed 
our way very close to the computed site of the tunnel's mouth - having crossed a 
second-story bridge to what seemed plainly the tip of a pointed wall, and 
descended to a ruinous corridor especially rich in decadently elaborate and 
apparently ritualistic sculptures of late workmanship - when, shortly before 8:30 
P.M., Danforth's keen young nostrils gave us the first hint of something unusual. 
If we had had a dog with us, I suppose we would have been warned before. At 
first we could not precisely say what was wrong with the formerly crystal-pure 



69 



air, but after a few seconds our memories reacted only too definitely. Let me try 
to state the thing without flinching. There was an odor - and that odor was 
vaguely, subtly, and unmistakably akin to what had nauseated us upon opening 
the insane grave of the horror poor Lake had dissected. 

Of course the revelation was not as clearly cut at the time as it sounds now. There 
were several conceivable explanations, and we did a good deal of indecisive 
whispering. Most important of all, we did not retreat without further 
investigation; for having come this far, we were loath to be balked by anything 
short of certain disaster. Anyway, what we must have suspected was altogether 
too wild to believe. Such things did not happen in any normal world. It was 
probably sheer irrational instinct which made us dim our single torch - tempted 
no longer by the decadent and sinister sculptures that leered menacingly from 
the oppressive walls - and which softened our progress to a cautious tiptoeing 
and crawling over the increasingly littered floor and heaps of debris. 

Danforth's eyes as well as nose proved better than mine, for it was likewise he 
who first noticed the queer aspect of the debris after we had passed many half- 
choked arches leading to chambers and corridors on the ground level. It did not 
look quite as it ought after countless thousands of years of desertion, and when 
we cautiously turned on more light we saw that a kind of swath seemed to have 
been lately tracked through it. The irregular nature of the litter precluded any 
definite marks, but in the smoother places there were suggestions of the 
dragging of heavy objects. Once we thought there was a hint of parallel tracks as 
if of runners. This was what made us pause again. 

It was during that pause that we caught - simultaneously this time - the other 
odor ahead. Paradoxically, it was both a less frightful and more frightful odor - 
less frightful intrinsically, but infinitely appalling in this place under the known 
circumstances - unless, of course, Gedney - for the odor was the plain and 
familiar one of common petrol - every-day gasoline. 

Our motivation after that is something I will leave to psychologists. We knew 
now that some terrible extension of the camp horrors must have crawled into this 
nighted burial place of the aeons, hence could not doubt any longer the existence 
of nameless conditions - present or at least recent just ahead. Yet in the end we 
did let sheer burning curiosity-or anxiety-or autohypnotism - or vague thoughts 
of responsibility toward Gedney - or what not - drive us on. Danforth whispered 
again of the print he thought he had seen at the alley turning in the ruins above; 
and of the faint musical piping - potentially of tremendous significance in the 
light of Lake's dissection report, despite its close resemblance to the cave-mouth 
echoes of the windy peaks - which he thought he had shortly afterward half 
heard from unknown depths below. I, in my turn, whispered of how the camp 



70 



was left - of what had disappeared, and of how the madness of a lone survivor 
might have conceived the inconceivable - a wild trip across the monstrous 
mountains and a descent into the unknown, primal masonry - But we could not 
convince each other, or even ourselves, of anything definite. We had turned off 
all light as we stood still, and vaguely noticed that a trace of deeply filtered 
upper day kept the blackness from being absolute. Having automatically begun 
to move ahead, we guided ourselves by occasional flashes from our torch. The 
disturbed debris formed an impression we could not shake off, and the smell of 
gasoline grew stronger. More and more ruin met our eyes and hampered our 
feet, until very soon we saw that the forward way was about to cease. We had 
been all too correct in our pessimistic guess about that rift glimpsed from the air. 
Our tunnel quest was a blind one, and we were not even going to be able to 
reach the basement out of which the abyssward aperture opened. 

The torch, flashing over the grotesquely carved walls of the blocked corridor in 
which we stood, showed several doorways in various states of obstruction; and 
from one of them the gasoline odor-quite submerging that other hint of odor - 
came with especial distinctness. As we looked more steadily, we saw that 
beyond a doubt there had been a slight and recent clearing away of debris from 
that particular opening. Whatever the lurking horror might be, we believed the 
direct avenue toward it was now plainly manifest. I do not think anyone will 
wonder that we waited an appreciable time before making any further motion. 

And yet, when we did venture inside that black arch, our first impression was 
one of anticlimax. For amidst the littered expanse of that sculptured Crypt - a 
perfect cube with sides of about twenty feet - there remained no recent object of 
instantly discernible size; so that we looked instinctively, though in vain, for a 
farther doorway. In another moment, however, Danforth's sharp vision had 
descried a place where the floor debris had been disturbed; and we turned on 
both torches full strength. Though what we saw in that light was actually simple 
and trifling, I am none the less reluctant to tell of it because of what it implied. It 
was a rough leveling of the debris, upon which several small objects lay 
carelessly scattered, and at one corner of which a considerable amount of 
gasoline must have been spilled lately enough to leave a strong odor even at this 
extreme superplateau altitude. In other words, it could not be other than a sort of 
camp - a camp made by questing beings who, like us, had been turned back by 
the unexpectedly choked way to the abyss. 

Let me be plain. The scattered objects were, so far as substance was concerned, 
all from Lake's camp; and consisted of tin cans as queerly opened as those we 
had seen at that ravaged place, many spent matches, three illustrated books more 
or less curiously smudged, an empty ink bottle with its pictorial and 
instructional carton, a broken fountain pen, some oddly snipped fragments of fur 



71 



and tent cloth, a used electric battery with circular of directions, a folder that 
came with our type of tent heater, and a sprinkling of crumpled papers. It was all 
bad enough but when we smoothed out the papers and looked at what was on 
them, we felt we had come to the worst. We had found certain inexplicably 
blotted papers at the camp which might have prepared us, yet the effect of the 
sight down there in the prehuman vaults of a nightmare city was almost too 
much to bear. 

A mad Gedney might have made the groups of dots in imitation of those found 
on the greenish soapstones, just as the dots on those insane five-pointed grave 
mounds might have been made; and he might conceivably have prepared rough, 
hasty sketches - varying in their accuracy or lack of it - which outlined the 
neighboring parts of the city and traced the way from a circularly represented 
place outside our previous route - a place we identified as a great cylindrical 
tower in the carvings and as a vast circular gulf glimpsed in our aerial survey - to 
the present five-pointed structure and the tunnel mouth therein. 

He might, I repeat, have prepared such sketches; for those before us were quite 
obviously compiled, as our own had been, from late sculptures somewhere in the 
glacial labyrinth, though not from the ones which we had seen and used. But 
what the art-blind bungler could never have done was to execute those sketches 
in a strange and assured technique perhaps superior, despite haste and 
carelessness, to any of the decadent carvings from which they were taken - the 
characteristic and unmistakable technique of the Old Ones themselves in the 
dead city's heyday. 

There are those who will say Danforth and I were utterly mad not to flee for our 
lives after that; since our conclusions were now - notwithstanding their wildness 

- completely fixed, and of a nature I need not even mention to those who have 
read my account as far as this. Perhaps we were mad - for have I not said those 
horrible peaks were mountains of madness? But I think I can detect something of 
the same spirit - albeit in a less extreme form - in the men who stalk deadly 
beasts through African jungles to photograph them or study their habits. Half 
paralyzed with terror though we were, there was nevertheless fanned within us a 
blazing flame of awe and curiosity which triumphed in the end. 

Of course we did not mean to face that - or those - which we knew had been 
there, but we felt that they must be gone by now. They would by this time have 
found the other neighboring entrance to the abyss, and have passed within, to 
whatever night-black fragments of the past might await them in the ultimate gulf 

- the ultimate gulf they had never seen. Or if that entrance, too, was blocked, they 
would have gone on to the north seeking another. They were, we remembered, 
partly independent of light. 



72 



Looking back to that moment, I can scarcely recall just what precise form our 
new emotions took - just what change of immediate objective it was that so 
sharpened our sense of expectancy. We certainly did not mean to face what we 
feared - yet I will not deny that we may have had a lurking, unconscious wish to 
spy certain things from some hidden vantage point. Probably we had not given 
up our zeal to glimpse the abyss itself, though there was interposed a new goal 
in the form of that great circular place shown on the crumpled sketches we had 
found. We had at once recognized it as a monstrous cylindrical tower figuring in 
the very earliest carvings, but appearing only as a prodigious round aperture 
from above. Something about the impressiveness of its rendering, even in these 
hasty diagrams, made us think that its subglacial levels must still form a feature 
of peculiar importance. Perhaps it embodied architectural marvels as yet 
unencountered by us. It was certainly of incredible age according to the 
sculptures in which it figured - being indeed among the first things built in the 
city. Its carvings, if preserved, could not but be highly significant. Moreover, it 
might form a good present link with the upper world - a shorter route than the 
one we were so carefully blazing, and probably that by which those others had 
descended. 

At any rate, the thing we did was to study the terrible sketches - which quite 
perfectly confirmed our own - and start back over the indicated course to the 
circular place; the course which our nameless predecessors must have traversed 
twice before us. The other neighboring gate to the abyss would lie beyond that. I 
need not speak of our journey - during which we continued to leave an 
economical trail of paper - for it was precisely the same in kind as that by which 
we had reached the cul-de-sac; except that it tended to adhere more closely to the 
ground level and even descend to basement corridors. Every now and then we 
could trace certain disturbing marks in the debris or litter underfoot; and after 
we had passed outside the radius of the gasoline scent, we were again faintly 
conscious - spasmodically - of that more hideous and more persistent scent. After 
the way had branched from our former course, we sometimes gave the rays of 
our single torch a furtive sweep along the walls; noting in almost every case the 
well-nigh omnipresent sculptures, which indeed seem to have formed a main 
aesthetic outlet for the Old Ones. 

About 9:30 P.M., while traversing a long, vaulted corridor whose increasingly 
glaciated floor seemed somewhat below the ground level and whose roof grew 
lower as we advanced, we began to see strong daylight ahead and were able to 
turn off our torch. It appeared that we were coming to the vast circular place, 
and that our distance from the upper air could not be very great. The corridor 
ended in an arch surprisingly low for these megalithic ruins, but we could see 
much through it even before we emerged. Beyond there stretched a prodigious 
round space - fully two hundred feet in diameter - strewn with debris and 



73 



containing many choked archways corresponding to the one we were about to 
cross. The walls were - in available spaces - boldly sculptured into a spiral band 
of heroic proportions; and displayed, despite the destructive weathering caused 
by the openness of the spot, an artistic splendor far beyond anything we had 
encountered before. The littered floor was quite heavily glaciated, and we 
fancied that the true bottom lay at a considerably lower depth. 

But the salient object of the place was the titanic stone ramp which, eluding the 
archways by a sharp turn outward into the open floor, wound spirally up the 
stupendous cylindrical wall like an inside counterpart of those once climbing 
outside the monstrous towers or ziggurats of antique Babylon. Only the rapidity 
of our flight, and the perspective which confounded the descent with the tower's 
inner wall, had prevented our noticing this feature from the air, and thus caused 
us to seek another avenue to the subglacial level. Pabodie might have been able 
to tell what sort of engineering held it in place, but Danforth and I could merely 
admire and marvel. We could see mighty stone corbels and pillars here and 
there, but what we saw seemed inadequate to the function performed. The thing 
was excellently preserved up to the present top of the tower - a highly 
remarkable circumstance in view of its exposure - and its shelter had done much 
to protect the bizarre and disturbing cosmic sculptures on the walls. 

As we stepped out into the awesome half daylight of this monstrous cylinder 
bottom - fifty million years old, and without doubt the most primally ancient 
structure ever to meet our eyes - we saw that the ramp- traversed sides stretched 
dizzily up to a height of fully sixty feet. This, we recalled from our aerial survey, 
meant an outside glaciation of some forty feet; since the yawning gulf we had 
seen from the plane had been at the top of an approximately twenty-foot mound 
of crumbled masonry, somewhat sheltered for three-fourths of its circumference 
by the massive curving walls of a line of higher ruins. According to the 
sculptures, the original tower had stood in the center of an immense circular 
plaza, and had been perhaps five hundred or six hundred feet high, with tiers of 
horizontal disks near the top, and a row of needlelike spires along the upper rim. 
Most of the masonry had obviously toppled outward rather than inward - a 
fortunate happening, since otherwise the ramp might have been shattered and 
the whole interior choked. As it was, the ramp showed sad battering; whilst the 
choking was such that all the archways at the bottom seemed to have been 
recently cleared. 

It took us only a moment to conclude that this was indeed the route by which 
those others had descended, and that this would be the logical route for our own 
ascent despite the long trail of paper we had left elsewhere. The tower's mouth 
was no farther from the foothills and our waiting plane than was the great 
terraced building we had entered, and any further subglacial exploration we 



74 



might make on this trip would He in this general region. Oddly, we were still 
thinking about possible later trips - even after all we had seen and guessed. Then, 
as we picked our way cautiously over the debris of the great floor, there came a 
sight which for the time excluded all other matters. 

It was the neatly huddled array of three sledges in that farther angle of the 
ramp's lower and outward- projecting course which had hitherto been screened 
from our view. There they were - the three sledges missing from Lake's camp - 
shaken by a hard usage which must have included forcible dragging along great 
reaches of snowless masonry and debris, as well as much hand portage over 
utterly unnavigable places. They were carefully and intelligently packed and 
strapped, and contained things memorably familiar enough: the gasoline stove, 
fuel cans, instrument cases, provision tins, tarpaulins obviously bulging with 
books, and some bulging with less obvious contents - everything derived from 
Lake's equipment. 

Alter what we had found in that other room, we were in a measure prepared for 
this encounter. The really great shock came when we stepped over and undid 
one tarpaulin whose outlines had peculiarly disquieted us. It seems that others as 
well as Lake had been interested in collecting typical specimens; for there were 
two here, both stiffly frozen, perfectly preserved, patched with adhesive plaster 
where some wounds around the neck had occurred, and wrapped with care to 
prevent further damage. They were the bodies of young Gedney and the missing 
dog. 

X 

Many people will probably judge us callous as well as mad for thinking about 
the northward tunnel and the abyss so soon after our somber discovery, and I am 
not prepared to say that we would have immediately revived such thoughts but 
for a specific circumstance which broke in upon us and set up a whole new train 
of speculations. We had replaced the tarpaulin over poor Gedney and were 
standing in a kind of mute bewilderment when the sounds finally reached our 
consciousness - the first sounds we had heard since descending out of the open 
where the mountain wind whined faintly from its unearthly heights. Well- 
known and mundane though they were, their presence in this remote world of 
death was more unexpected and unnerving than any grotesque or fabulous tones 
could possibly have been - since they gave a fresh upsetting to all our notions of 
cosmic harmony. 

Had it been some trace of that bizarre musical piping over a wide range which 
Lake's dissection report had led us to expect in those others - and which, indeed, 
our overwrought fancies had been reading into every wind howl we had heard 



7b 



since coining on the camp horror - it would have had a kind of helHsh congruity 
with the aeon-dead region around us. A voice from other epochs belongs in a 
graveyard of other epochs. As it was, however, the noise shattered all our 
profoundly seated adjustments - all our tacit acceptance of the inner antarctic as a 
waste utterly and irrevocably void of every vestige of normal life. What we heard 
was not the fabulous note of any buried blasphemy of elder earth from whose 
supernal toughness an age-denied polar sun had evoked a monstrous response. 
Instead, it was a thing so mockingly normal and so unerringly familiarized by 
our sea days off Victoria Land and our camp days at McMurdo Sound that we 
shuddered to think of it here, where such things ought not to be. To be brief - it 
was simply the raucous squawking of a penguin. 

The muffled sound floated from subglacial recesses nearly opposite to the 
corridor whence we had come - regions manifestly in the direction of that other 
tunnel to the vast abyss. The presence of a living water bird in such a direction - 
in a world whose surface was one of age-long and uniform lifelessness - could 
lead to only one conclusion; hence our first thought was to verify the objective 
reality of the sound. It was, indeed, repeated, and seemed at times to come from 
more than one throat. Seeking its source, we entered an archway from which 
much debris had been cleared; resuming our trail blazing - with an added paper 
supply taken with curious repugnance from one of the tarpaulin bundles on the 
sledges - when we left daylight behind. 

As the glaciated floor gave place to a litter of detritus, we plainly discerned some 
curious, dragging tracks; and once Danforth found a distinct print of a sort 
whose description would be only too superfluous. The course indicated by the 
penguin cries was precisely what our map and compass prescribed as an 
approach to the more northerly tunnel mouth, and we were glad to find that a 
bridgeless thoroughfare on the ground and basement levels seemed open. The 
tunnel, according to the chart, ought to start from the basement of a large 
pyramidal structure which we seemed vaguely to recall from our aerial survey as 
remarkably well-preserved. Along our path the single torch showed a customary 
profusion of carvings, but we did not pause to examine any of these. 

Suddenly a bulky white shape loomed up ahead of us, and we flashed on the 
second torch. It is odd how wholly this new quest had turned our minds from 
earlier fears of what might lurk near. Those other ones, having left their supplies 
in the great circular place, must have planned to return after their scouting trip 
toward or into the abyss; yet we had now discarded all caution concerning them 
as completely as if they had never existed. This white, waddling thing was fully 
six feet high, yet we seemed to realize at once that it was not one of those others. 
They were larger and dark, and, according to the sculptures, their motion over 
land surfaces was a swift, assured matter despite the queerness of their sea-born 



76 



tentacle equipment. But to say that the white thing did not profoundly frighten 
us would be vain. We were indeed clutched for an instant by primitive dread 
almost sharper than the worst of our reasoned fears regarding those others. Then 
came a flash of anticlimax as the white shape sidled into a lateral archway to our 
left to join two others of its kind which had summoned it in raucous tones. For it 
was only a penguin - albeit of a huge, unknown species larger than the greatest 
of the known king penguins, and monstrous in its combined albinism and virtual 
eyelessness. 

When we had followed the thing into the archway and turned both our torches 
on the indifferent and unheeding group of three, we saw that they were all 
eyeless albinos of the same unknown and gigantic species. Their size reminded 
us of some of the archaic penguins depicted in the Old Ones' sculptures, and it 
did not take us long to conclude that they were descended from the same stock- 
undoubtedly surviving through a retreat to some warmer inner region whose 
perpetual blackness had destroyed their pigmentation and atrophied their eyes 
to mere useless slits. That their present habitat was the vast abyss we sought, was 
not for a moment to be doubted; and this evidence of the gulf's continued 
warmth and habitability filled us with the most curious and subtly perturbing 
fancies. 

We wondered, too, what had caused these three birds to venture out of their 
usual domain. The state and silence of the great dead city made it clear that it 
had at no time been an habitual seasonal rookery, whilst the manifest 
indifference of the trio to our presence made it seem odd that any passing party 
of those others should have startled them. Was it possible that those others had 
taken some aggressive action or t- ried to increase their meat supply? We 
doubted whether that pungent odor which the dogs had hated could cause an 
equal antipathy in these penguins, since their ancestors had obviously lived on 
excellent terms with the Old Ones - an amicable relationship which must have 
survived in the abyss below as long as any of the Old Ones remained. Regretting 
- in a flare-up of the old spirit of pure science - that we could not photograph 
these anomalous creatures, we shortly left them to their squawking and pushed 
on toward the abyss whose openness was now so positively proved to us, and 
whose exact direction occasional penguin tracks made clear. 

Not long afterward a steep descent in a long, low, doorless, and peculiarly 
sculptureless corridor led us to believe that we were approaching the tunnel 
mouth at last. We had passed two more penguins, and heard others immediately 
ahead. Then the corridor ended in a prodigious open space which made us gasp 
involuntarily - a perfect inverted hemisphere, obviously deep underground; fully 
a hundred feet in diameter and fifty feet high, with low archways opening 
around all parts of the circumference but one, and that one yawning cavernously 



n 



with a black, arched aperture which broke the symmetry of the vauh to a height 
of nearly fifteen feet. It was the entrance to the great abyss. 

In this vast hemisphere, whose concave roof was impressively though 
decadently carved to a likeness of the primordial celestial dome, a few albino 
penguins waddled - aliens there, but indifferent and unseeing. The black tunnel 
yawned indefinitely off at a steep, descending grade, its aperture adorned with 
grotesquely chiseled jambs and lintel. From that cryptical mouth we fancied a 
current of slightly warmer air, and perhaps even a suspicion of vapor proceeded; 
and we wondered what living entities other than penguins the limitless void 
below, and the contiguous honeycombings of the land and the titan mountains, 
might conceal. We wondered, too, whether the trace of mountaintop smoke at 
first suspected by poor Lake, as well as the odd haze we had ourselves perceived 
around the rampart-crowned peak, might not be caused by the tortuous- 
channeled rising of some such vapor from the unfathomed regions of earth's 
core. 

Entering the tunnel, we saw that its outline was - at least at the start - about 
fifteen feet each way - sides, floor, and arched roof composed of the usual 
megalithic masonry. The sides were sparsely decorated with cartouches of 
conventional designs in a late, decadent style; and all the construction and 
carving were marvelously well-preserved. The floor was quite clear, except for a 
slight detritus bearing outgoing penguin tracks and the inward tracks of these 
others. The farther one advanced, the warmer it became; so that we were soon 
unbuttoning our heavy garments. We wondered whether there were any actually 
igneous manifestations below, and whether the waters of that sunless sea were 
hot. Alter a short distance the masonry gave place to solid rock, though the 
tunnel kept the same proportions and presented the same aspect of carved 
regularity. Occasionally its varying grade became so steep that grooves were cut 
in the floor. Several times we noted the mouths of small lateral galleries not 
recorded in our diagrams; none of them such as to complicate the problem of our 
return, and all of them welcome as possible refuges in case we met unwelcome 
entities on their way back from the abyss. The nameless scent of such things was 
very distinct. Doubtless it was suicidally foolish to venture into that tunnel under 
the known conditions, but the lure of the unplumbed is stronger in certain 
persons than most suspect - indeed, it was just such a lure which had brought us 
to this unearthly polar waste in the first place. We saw several penguins as we 
passed along, and speculated on the distance we would have to traverse. The 
carvings had led us to expect a steep downhill walk of about a mile to the abyss, 
but our previous wanderings had shown us that matters of scale were not wholly 
to be depended on. 



78 



Alter about a quarter of a mile that nameless scent became greatly accentuated, 
and we kept very careful track of the various lateral openings we passed. There 
was no visible vapor as at the mouth, but this was doubtless due to the lack of 
contrasting cooler air. The temperature was rapidly ascending, and we were not 
surprised to come upon a careless heap of material shudderingly familiar to us. It 
was composed of furs and tent cloth taken from Lake's camp, and we did not 
pause to study the bizarre forms into which the fabrics had been slashed. Slightly 
beyond this point we noticed a decided increase in the size and number of the 
side galleries, and concluded that the densely honeycombed region beneath the 
higher foothills must now have been reached. The nameless scent was now 
curiously mixed with another and scarcely less offensive odor - of what nature 
we could not guess, though we thought of decaying organisms and perhaps 
unknown subterranean fungi. Then came a startling expansion of the tunnel for 
which the carvings had not prepared us - a broadening and rising into a lofty, 
natural-looking elliptical cavern with a level floor, some seventy-five feet long 
and fifty broad, and with many immense side passages leading away into 
cryptical darkness. 

Though this cavern was natural in appearance, an inspection with both torches 
suggested that it had been formed by the artificial destruction of several walls 
between adjacent honey combings. The walls were rough, and the high, vaulted 
roof was thick with stalactites; but the solid rock floor had been smoothed off, 
and was free from all debris, detritus, or even dust to a positively abnormal 
extent. Except for the avenue through which we had come, this was true of the 
floors of all the great galleries opening off from it; and the singularity of the 
condition was such as to set us vainly puzzling. The curious new fetor which had 
supplemented the nameless scent was excessively pungent here; so much so that 
it destroyed all trace of the other. Something about this whole place, with its 
polished and almost glistening floor, struck us as more vaguely baffling and 
horrible than any of the monstrous things we had previously encountered. 

The regularity of the passage immediately ahead, as well as the larger proportion 
of penguin-droppings there, prevented all confusion as to the right course amidst 
this plethora of equally great cave mouths. Nevertheless we resolved to resume 
our paper trailblazing if any further complexity should develop; for dust tracks, 
of course, could no longer be expected. Upon resuming our direct progress we 
cast a beam of torchlight over the tunnel walls - and stopped short in amazement 
at the supremely radical change which had come over the carvings in this part of 
the passage. We realized, of course, the great decadence of the Old Ones' 
sculpture at the time of the tunneling, and had indeed noticed the inferior 
workmanship of the arabesques in the stretches behind us. But now, in this 
deeper section beyond the cavern, there was a sudden difference wholly 
transcending explanation - a difference in basic nature as well as in mere quality. 



79 



and involving so profound and calamitous a degradation of skill that nothing in 
the hitherto observed rate of decline could have led one to expect it. 

This new and degenerate work was coarse, bold, and wholly lacking in delicacy 
of detail. It was countersunk with exaggerated depth in bands following the 
same general line as the sparse car-touches of the earlier sections, but the height 
of the reliefs did not reach the level of the general surface. Danforth had the idea 
that it was a second carving - a sort of palimpsest formed after the obliteration of 
a previous design. In nature it was wholly decorative and conventional, and 
consisted of crude spirals and angles roughly following the quintile 
mathematical tradition of the Old Ones, yet seemingly more like a parody than a 
perpetuation of that tradition. We could not get it out of our minds that some 
subtly but profoundly alien element had been added to the aesthetic feeling 
behind the technique - an alien element, Danforth guessed, that was responsible 
for the laborious substitution. It was like, yet disturbingly unlike, what we had 
come to recognize as the Old Ones' art; and I was persistently reminded of such 
hybrid things as the ungainly Palmyrene sculptures fashioned in the Roman 
manner. That others had recently noticed this belt of carving was hinted by the 
presence of a used flashlight battery on the floor in front of one of the most 
characteristic cartouches. 

Since we could not afford to spend any considerable time in study, we resumed 
our advance after a cursory look; though frequently casting beams over the walls 
to see if any further decorative changes developed. Nothing of the sort was 
perceived, though the carvings were in places rather sparse because of the 
numerous mouths of smooth-floored lateral tunnels. We saw and heard fewer 
penguins, but thought we caught a vague suspicion of an infinitely distant 
chorus of them somewhere deep within the earth. The new and inexplicable odor 
was abominably strong, and we could detect scarcely a sign of that other 
nameless scent. Puffs of visible vapor ahead bespoke increasing contrasts in 
temperature, and the relative nearness of the sunless sea cliffs of the great abyss. 
Then, quite unexpectedly, we saw certain obstructions on the polished floor 
ahead - obstructions which were quite definitely not penguins - and turned on 
our second torch after making sure that the objects were quite stationary. 

XI 

Still another time have I come to a place where it is very difficult to proceed. I 
ought to be hardened by this stage; but there are some experiences and 
intimations which scar too deeply to permit of healing, and leave only such an 
added sensitiveness that memory reinspires all the original horror. We saw, as I 
have said, certain obstructions on the polished floor ahead; and I may add that 
our nostrils were assailed almost simultaneously by a very curious intensification 



80 



of the strange prevailing fetor, now quite plainly mixed with the nameless stench 
of those others which had gone before. The light of the second torch left no doubt 
of what the obstructions were, and we dared approach them only because we 
could see, even from a distance, that they were quite as past all harming power 
as had been the six similar specimens unearthed from the monstrous star- 
mounded graves at poor Lake's camp. 

They were, indeed, as lacking - in completeness as most of those we had 
unearthed - though it grew plain from the thick, dark green pool gathering 
around them that their incompleteness was of infinitely greater recency. There 
seemed to be only four of them, whereas Lake's bulletins would have suggested 
no less than eight as forming the group which had preceded us. To find them in 
this state was wholly unexpected, and we wondered what sort of monstrous 
struggle had occurred down here in the dark. 

Penguins, attacked in a body, retaliate savagely with their beaks, and our ears 
now made certain the existence of a rookery far beyond. Had those others 
disturbed such a place and aroused murderous pursuit? The obstructions did not 
suggest it, for penguins' beaks against the tough tissues Lake had dissected could 
hardly account for the terrible damage our approaching glance was beginning to 
make out. Besides, the huge blind birds we had seen appeared to be singularly 
peaceful. 

Had there, then, been a struggle among those others, and were the absent four 
responsible? If so, where were they? Were they close at hand and likely to form 
an immediate menace to us? We glanced anxiously at some of the smooth- 
floored lateral passages as we continued our slow and frankly reluctant 
approach. Whatever the conflict was, it had clearly been that which had 
frightened the penguins into their unaccustomed wandering. It must, then, have 
arisen near that faintly heard rookery in the incalculable gulf beyond, since there 
were no signs that any birds had normally dwelt here. Perhaps, we reflected, 
there had been a hideous running fight, with the weaker party seeking to get 
back to the cached sledges when their pursuers finished them. One could picture 
the demoniac fray between namelessly monstrous entities as it surged out of the 
black abyss with great clouds of frantic penguins squawking and scurrying 
ahead. 

I say that we approached those sprawling and incomplete obstructions slowly 
and reluctantly. Would to Heaven we had never approached them at all, but had 
run back at top speed out of that blasphemous tunnel with the greasily smooth 
floors and the degenerate murals aping and mocking the things they had 
superseded-run back, before we had seen what we did see, and before our minds 
were burned with something which will never let us breathe easily again! 



81 



Both of our torches were turned on the prostrate objects, so that we soon reaHzed 
the dominant factor in their incompleteness. Mauled, compressed, twisted, and 
ruptured as they were, their chief common injury was total decapitation. From 
each one the tentacled starfish head had been removed; and as we drew near we 
saw that the manner of removal looked more like some hellish tearing or suction 
than like any ordinary form of cleavage. Their noisome dark-green ichor formed 
a large, spreading pOOl; but its stench was half overshadowed by the newer and 
stranger stench, here more pungent than at any other point along our route. Only 
when we had come very close to the sprawling obstructions could we trace that 
second, unexplainable fetor to any immediate source - and the instant we did so 
Danforth, remembering certain very vivid sculptures of the Old Ones' history in 
the Permian Age one hundred and fifty million years ago, gave vent to a nerve- 
tortured cry which echoed hysterically through that vaulted and archaic passage 
with the evil, palimpsest carvings. 

I came only just short of echoing his cry myself; for I had seen those primal 
sculptures, too, and had shudderingly admired the way the nameless artist had 
suggested that hideous slime coating found on certain incomplete and prostrate 
Old Ones - those whom the frightful Shoggoths had characteristically slain and 
sucked to a ghastly headlessness in the great war of resubjugation. They were 
infamous, nightmare sculptures even when telling of age-old, bygone things; for 
Shoggoths and their work ought not to be seen by human beings or portrayed by 
any beings. The mad author of the Necronomicon had nervously tried to swear 
that none had been bred on this planet, and that only drugged dreamers had 
even conceived them. Formless protoplasm able to mock and reflect all forms 
and organs and processes - viscous agglutinations of bubbling cells - rubbery 
fifteen-foot spheroids infinitely plastic and ductile - slaves of suggestion, builders 
of cities - more and more sullen, more and more intelligent, more and more 
amphibious, more and more imitative! Great God! What madness made even 
those blasphemous Old Ones willing to use and carve such things? 

And now, when Danforth and I saw the freshly glistening and reflectively 
iridescent black slime which clung thickly to those headless bodies and stank 
obscenely with that new, unknown odor whose cause only a diseased fancy 
could envisage - clung to those bodies and sparkled less voluminously on a 
smooth part of the accursedly resculptured wall in a series of grouped dots - we 
understood the quality of cosmic fear to its uttermost depths. It was not fear of 
those four missing others - for all too well did we suspect they would do no 
harm again. Poor devils! Alter all, they were not evil things of their kind. They 
were the men of another age and another order of being. Nature had played a 
hellish jest on them - as it will on any others that human madness, callousness, or 
cruelty may hereafter dig up in that hideously dead or sleeping polar waste - and 
this was their tragic homecoming. They had not been even savages-for what 



82 



indeed had they done? That awful awakening in the cold of an unknown epoch - 
perhaps an attack by the furry, frantically barking quadrupeds, and a dazed 
defense against them and the equally frantic white simians with the queer 
wrappings and paraphernalia ... poor Lake, poor Gedney... and poor Old Ones! 
Scientists to the last - what had they done that we would not have done in their 
place? God, what intelligence and persistence! What a facing of the incredible, 
just as those carven kinsmen and forbears had faced things only a little less 
incredible! Radiates, vegetables, monstrosities, star spawn - whatever they had 
been, they were men! 

They had crossed the icy peaks on whose templed slopes they had once 
worshipped and roamed among the tree ferns. They had found their dead city 
brooding under its curse, and had read its carven latter days as we had done. 
They had tried to reach their living fellows in fabled depths of blackness they 
had never seen - and what had they found? All this flashed in unison through 
the thoughts of Danforth and me as we looked from those headless, slime-coated 
shapes to the loathsome palimpsest sculptures and the diabolical dot groups of 
fresh slime on the wall beside them - looked and understood what must have 
triumphed and survived down there in the Cyclopean water city of that nighted, 
penguin-fringed abyss, whence even now a sinister curling mist had begun to 
belch pallidly as if in answer to Danforth's hysterical scream. 

The shock of recognizing that monstrous slime and headlessness had frozen us 
into mute, motionless statues, and it is only through later conversations that we 
have learned of the complete identity of our thoughts at that moment. It seemed 
aeons that we stood there, but actually it could not have been more than ten or 
fifteen seconds. That hateful, pallid mist curled forward as if veritably driven by 
some remoter advancing bulk-and then came a sound which upset much of what 
we had just decided, and in so doing broke the spell and enabled us to run like 
mad past squawking, confused penguins over our former trail back to the city, 
along ice-sunken megalithic corridors to the great open circle, and up that 
archaic spiral ramp in a frenzied, automatic plunge for the sane outer air and 
light of day. 

The new sound, as I have intimated, upset much that we had decided; because it 
was what poor Lake's dissection had led us to attribute to those we had judged 
dead. It was, Danforth later told me, precisely what he had caught in infinitely 
muffled form when at that spot beyond the alley corner above the glacial level; 
and it certainly had a shocking resemblance to the wind pipings we had both 
heard around the lofty mountain caves. At the risk of seeming puerile I will add 
another thing, too, if only because of the surprising way Danforth's impressions 
chimed with mine. Of course common reading is what prepared us both to make 
the interpretation, though Danforth has hinted at queer notions about 



83 



unsuspected and forbidden sources to which Poe may have had access when 
writing his Arthur Gordon Pym a century ago. It will be remembered that in that 
fantastic tale there is a word of unknown but terrible and prodigious significance 
connected with the antarctic and screamed eternally by the gigantic spectrally 
snowy birds of that malign region's core. "Tekeli-li! Tekeli-li!" That, I may admit, 
is exactly what we thought we heard conveyed by that sudden sound behind the 
advancing white mist-that insidious musical piping over a singularly wide 
range. 

We were in full flight before three notes or syllables had been uttered, though we 
knew that the swiftness of the Old Ones would enable any scream-roused and 
pursuing survivor of the slaughter to overtake us in a moment if it really wished 
to do so. We had a vague hope, however, that nonaggressive conduct and a 
display of kindred reason might cause such a being to spare us in case of capture, 
if only from scientific curiosity. Alter all, if such an one had nothing to fear for 
itself, it would have no motive in harming us. Concealment being futile at this 
juncture, we used our torch for a running glance behind, and perceived that the 
mist was thinning. Would we see, at last, a complete and living specimen of 
those others? Again came that insidious musical piping- "Tekeli-li! Tekeli-li!" 
Then, noting that we were actually gaining on our pursuer, it occurred to us that 
the entity might be wounded. We could take no chances, however, since it was 
very obviously approaching in answer to Danforth's scream, rather than in flight 
from any other entity. The timing was too close to admit of doubt. Of the 
whereabouts of that less conceivable and less mentionable nightmare - that fetid, 
unglimpsed mountain of slime-spewing protoplasm whose race had conquered 
the abyss and sent land pioneers to recarve and squirm through the burrows of 
the hills - we could form no guess; and it cost us a genuine pang to leave this 
probably crippled Old One-perhaps a lone survivor - to the peril of recapture 
and a nameless fate. 

Thank Heaven we did not slacken our run. The curling mist had thickened again, 
and was driving ahead with increased speed; whilst the straying penguins in our 
rear were squawking and screaming and displaying signs of a panic really 
surprising in view of their relatively minor confusion when we had passed them. 
Once more came that sinister, wide-ranged piping - "Tekeli-li! Tekeli-li!" We had 
been wrong. The thing was not wounded, but had merely paused on 
encountering the bodies of its fallen kindred and the hellish slime inscription 
above them. We could never know what that demon message was - but those 
burials at Lake's camp had shown how much importance the beings attached to 
their dead. Our recklessly used torch now revealed ahead of us the large open 
cavern where various ways converged, and we were glad to be leaving those 
morbid palimpsest sculptures - almost felt even when scarcely seen-behind. 
Another thought which the advent of the cave inspired was the possibility of 



84 



losing our pursuer at this bewildering focus of large galleries. There were several 
of the blind albino penguins in the open space, and it seemed clear that their fear 
of the oncoming entity was extreme to the point of unaccountability. If at that 
point we dimmed our torch to the very lowest limit of traveling need, keeping it 
strictly in front of us, the frightened squawking motions of the huge birds in the 
mist might muffle our footfalls, screen our true course, and somehow set up a 
false lead. Amidst the churning, spiraling fog, the littered and unglistening floor 
of the main tunnel beyond this point, as differing from the other morbidly 
polished burrows, could hardly form a highly distinguishing feature; even, so far 
as we could conjecture, for those indicated special senses which made the Old 
Ones partly, though imperfectly, independent of light in emergencies. In fact, we 
were somewhat apprehensive lest we go astray ourselves in our haste. For we 
had, of course, decided to keep straight on toward the dead city; since the 
consequences of loss in those unknown foothill honeycombings would be 
unthinkable. 

The fact that we survived and emerged is sufficient proof that the thing did take 
a wrong gallery whilst we providentially hit on the right one. The penguins 
alone could not have saved us, but in conjunction with the mist they seem to 
have done so. Only a benign fate kept the curling vapors thick enough at the 
right moment, for they were constantly shifting and threatening to vanish. 
Indeed, they did lift for a second just before we emerged from the nauseously 
resculptured tunnel into the cave; so that we actually caught one first and only 
half glimpse of the oncoming entity as we cast a final, desperately fearful glance 
backward before dimming the torch and mixing with the penguins in the hope of 
dodging pursuit. If the fate which screened us was benign, that which gave us 
the half glimpse was infinitely the opposite; for to that flash of semivision can be 
traced a full half of the horror which has ever since haunted us. 

Our exact motive in looking back again was perhaps no more than the 
immemorial instinct of the pursued to gauge the nature and course of its 
pursuer; or perhaps it was an automatic attempt to answer a subconscious 
question raised by one of our senses. In the midst of our flight, with all our 
faculties centered on the problem of escape, we were in no condition to observe 
and analyze details; yet even so, our latent brain cells must have wondered at the 
message brought them by our nostrils. Alterward we realized what it was-that 
our retreat from the fetid slime coating on those headless obstructions, and the 
coincident approach of the pursuing entity, had not brought us the exchange of 
stenches which logic called for. In the neighborhood of the prostrate things that 
new and lately unexplainable fetor had been wholly dominant; but by this time it 
ought to have largely given place to the nameless stench associated with those 
others. This it had not done - for instead, the newer and less bearable smell was 



85 



now virtually undiluted, and growing more and more poisonously insistent each 
second. 

So we glanced back simultaneously, it would appear; though no doubt the 
incipient motion of one prompted the imitation of the other. As we did so we 
flashed both torches full strength at the momentarily thinned mist; either from 
sheer primitive anxiety to see all we could, or in a less primitive but equally 
unconscious effort to dazzle the entity before we dimmed our light and dodged 
among the penguins of the labyrinth center ahead. Unhappy act! Not Orpheus 
himself, or Lot's wife, paid much more dearly for a backward glance. And again 
came that shocking, wide-ranged piping - "Tekeli-li! Tekeli-li!" 

I might as well be frank - even if I cannot bear to be quite direct - in stating what 
we saw; though at the time we felt that it was not to be admitted even to each 
other. The words reaching the reader can never even suggest the awfulness of 
the sight itself. It crippled our consciousness so completely that I wonder we had 
the residual sense to dim our torches as planned, and to strike the right tunnel 
toward the dead city. Instinct alone must have carried us through - perhaps 
better than reason could have done; though if that was what saved us, we paid a 
high price. Of reason we certainly had little enough left. 

Danforth was totally unstrung, and the first thing I remember of the rest of the 
journey was hearing him lightheadedly chant an hysterical formula in which I 
alone of mankind could have found anything but insane irrelevance. It 
reverberated in falsetto echoes among the squawks of the penguins; reverberated 
through the vaultings ahead, and-thank God-through the now empty vaultings 
behind. He could not have begun it at once - else we would not have been alive 
and blindly racing. I shudder to think of what a shade of difference in his 
nervous reactions might have brought. 

"South Station Under - Washington Under - Park Street Under-Kendall - Central 
- Harvard - " The poor fellow was chanting the familiar stations of the Boston- 
Cambridge tunnel that burrowed through our peaceful native soil thousands of 
miles away in New England, yet to me the ritual had neither irrelevance nor 
home feeling. It had only horror, because I knew unerringly the monstrous, 
nefandous analogy that had suggested it. We had expected, upon looking back, 
to see a terrible and incredible moving entity if the mists were thin enough; but 
of that entity we had formed a clear idea. What we did see - for the mists were 
indeed all too malignly thinned - was something altogether different, and 
immeasurably more hideous and detestable. It was the utter, objective 
embodiment of the fantastic novelist's "thing that should not be"; and its nearest 
comprehensible analogue is a vast, onrushing subway train as one sees it from a 
station platform - the great black front looming colossally out of infinite 



86 



subterranean distance, constellated with strangely colored lights and filling the 
prodigious burrow as a piston fills a cylinder. 

But we were not on a station platform. We were on the track ahead as the 
nightmare, plastic column of fetid black iridescence oozed tightly onward 
through its fifteen-foot sinus, gathering unholy speed and driving before it a 
spiral, rethickening cloud of the pallid abyss vapor. It was a terrible, 
indescribable thing vaster than any subway train - a shapeless congeries of 
protoplasmic bubbles, faintly self-luminous, and with myriads of temporary eyes 
forming and un-forming as pustules of greenish light all over the tunnel-filling 
front that bore down upon us, crushing the frantic penguins and slithering over 
the glistening floor that it and its kind had swept so evilly free of all litter. Still 
came that eldritch, mocking cry- "Tekeli-li! Tekeli-li!" and at last we remembered 
that the demoniac Shoggoths - given life, thought, and plastic organ patterns 
solely by the Old Ones, and having no language save that which the dot groups 
expressed - had likewise no voice save the imitated accents of their bygone 
masters. 

XII 

Danforth and I have recollections of emerging into the great sculptured 
hemisphere and of threading our back trail through the Cyclopean rooms and 
corridors of the dead city; yet these are purely dream fragments involving no 
memory of volition, details, or physical exertion. It was as if we floated in a 
nebulous world or dimension without time, causation, or orientation. The gray 
half-daylight of the vast circular space sobered us somewhat; but we did not go 
near those cached sledges or look again at poor Gedney and the dog. They have a 
strange and titanic mausoleum, and I hope the end of this planet will find them 
still undisturbed. 

It was while struggling up the colossal spiral incline that we first felt the terrible 
fatigue and short breath which our race through the thin plateau air had 
produced; but not even fear of collapse could make us pause before reaching the 
normal outer realm of sun and sky. There was something vaguely appropriate 
about our departure from those buried epochs; for as we wound our panting 
way up the sixty-foot cylinder of primal masonry, we glimpsed beside us a 
continuous procession of heroic sculptures in the dead race's early and 
undecayed technique - a farewell from the Old Ones, written fifty million years 
ago. 

Finally scrambling out at the top, we found ourselves on a great mound of 
tumbled blocks, with the curved walls of higher stonework rising westward, and 
the brooding peaks of the great mountains showing beyond the more crumbled 



87 



structures toward the east. The low antarctic sun of midnight peered redly from 
the southern horizon through rifts in the jagged ruins, and the terrible age and 
deadness of the nightmare city seemed all the starker by contrast with such 
relatively known and accustomed things as the features of the polar landscape. 
The sky above was a churning and opalescent mass of tenuous ice-vapors, and 
the cold clutched at our vitals. Wearily resting the outfit-bags to which we had 
instinctively clung throughout our desperate flight, we rebuttoned our heavy 
garments for the stumbling climb down the mound and the walk through the 
aeon-old stone maze to the foothills where our aeroplane waited. Of what had 
set us fleeing from that darkness of earth's secret and archaic gulfs we said 
nothing at all. 

In less than a quarter of an hour we had found the steep grade to the foothills-the 
probable ancient terrace - by which we had descended, and could see the dark 
bulk of our great plane amidst the sparse ruins on the rising slope ahead. 
Halfway uphill toward our goal we paused for a momentary breathing spell, and 
turned to look again at the fantastic tangle of incredible stone shapes below us- 
once more outlined mystically against an unknown west. As we did so we saw 
that the sky beyond had lost its morning haziness; the restless ice-vapors having 
moved up to the zenith, where their mocking outlines seemed on the point of 
settling into some bizarre pattern which they feared to make quite definite or 
conclusive. 

There now lay revealed on the ultimate white horizon behind the grotesque city 
a dim, elfin line of pinnacled violet whose needle-pointed heights loomed 
dreamlike against the beckoning rose color of the western sky. Up toward this 
shimmering rim sloped the ancient table-land, the depressed course of the 
bygone river traversing it as an irregular ribbon of shadow. For a second we 
gasped in admiration of the scene's unearthly cosmic beauty, and then vague 
horror began to creep into our souls. For this far violet line could be nothing else 
than the terrible mountains of the forbidden land - highest of earth's peaks and 
focus of earth's evil; harborers of nameless horrors and Archaean secrets; 
shunned and prayed to by those who feared to carve their meaning; untrodden 
by any living thing on earth, but visited by the sinister lightnings and sending 
strange beams across the plains in the polar night - beyond doubt the unknown 
archetype of that dreaded Kadath in the Cold Waste beyond abhorrent Leng, 
whereof primal legends hint evasively. 

If the sculptured maps and pictures in that prehuman city had told truly, these 
cryptic violet mountains could not be much less than three hundred miles away; 
yet none the less sharply did their dim elfin essence appear above that remote 
and snowy rim, like the serrated edge of a monstrous alien planet about to rise 
into unaccustomed heavens. Their height, then, must have been tremendous 



88 



beyond all comparison - carrying them up into tenuous atmospheric strata 
peopled only by such gaseous wraiths as rash flyers have barely lived to whisper 
of after unexplainable falls. Looking at them, I thought nervously of certain 
sculptured hints of what the great bygone river had washed down into the city 
from their accursed slopes - and wondered how much sense and how much folly 
had lain in the fears of those Old Ones who carved them so reticently. I recalled 
how their northerly end must come near the coast at Queen Mary Land, where 
even at that moment Sir Douglas Mawson's expedition was doubtless working 
less than a thousand miles away; and hoped that no evil fate would give Sir 
Douglas and his men a glimpse of what might lie beyond the protecting coastal 
range. Such thoughts formed a measure of my overwrought condition at the time 
- and Danforth seemed to be even worse. 

Yet long before we had passed the great star-shaped ruin and reached our plane, 
our fears had become transferred to the lesser but vast-enough range whose 
recrossing lay ahead of us. From these foothills the black, ruin-crusted slopes 
reared up starkly and hideously against the east, again reminding us of those 
strange Asian paintings of Nicholas Roerich; and when we thought of the 
frightful amorphous entities that might have pushed their fetidly squirming way 
even to the topmost hollow pinnacles, we could not face without panic the 
prospect of again sailing by those suggestive skyward cave mouths where the 
wind made sounds like an evil musical piping over a wide range. To make 
matters worse, we saw distinct traces of local mist around several of the 
summits-as poor Lake must have done when he made that early mistake about 
volcanism - and thought shiveringly of that kindred mist from which we had just 
escaped; of that, and of the blasphemous, horror-fostering abyss whence all such 
vapors came. 

All was well with the plane, and we clumsily hauled on our heavy flying furs. 
Danforth got the engine started without trouble, and we made a very smooth 
take-off over the nightmare city. Below us the primal Cyclopean masonry spread 
out as it had done when first we saw it, and we began rising and turning to test 
the wind for our crossing through the pass. At a very high level there must have 
been great disturbance, since the ice-dust clouds of the zenith were doing all 
sorts of fantastic things; but at twenty-four thousand feet, the height we needed 
for the pass, we found navigation quite practicable. As we drew close to the 
jutting peaks the wind's strange piping again became manifest, and I could see 
Danforth's hands trembling at the controls. Rank amateur that I was, I thought at 
that moment that I might be a better navigator than he in effecting the dangerous 
crossing between pinnacles; and when I made motions to change seats and take 
over his duties he did not protest. I tried to keep all my skill and self-possession 
about me, and stared at the sector of reddish farther sky betwixt the walls of the 
pass-resolutely refusing to pay attention to the puffs of mountain-top vapor, and 



89 



wishing that I had wax-stopped ears hke Ulysses' men off the Siren's coast to 
keep that disturbing windpiping from my consciousness. 

But Danforth, released from his piloting and keyed up to a dangerous nervous 
pitch, could not keep quiet. I felt him turning and wriggling about as he looked 
back at the terrible receding city, ahead at the cave- riddled, cube-barnacled 
peaks, sidewise at the bleak sea of snowy, rampart-strewn foothills, and upward 
at the seething, grotesquely clouded sky. It was then, just as I was trying to steer 
safely through the pass, that his mad shrieking brought us so close to disaster by 
shattering my tight hold on myself and causing me to fumble helplessly with the 
controls for a moment. A second afterward my resolution triumphed and we 
made the crossing safely - yet I am afraid that Danforth will never be -the same 
again. 

I have said that Danforth refused to tell me what final horror made him scream 
out so insanely-a horror which, I feel sadly sure, is mainly responsible for his 
present breakdown. We had snatches of shouted conversation above the wind's 
piping and the engine's buzzing as we reached the safe side of the range and 
swooped slowly down toward the camp, but that had mostly to do with the 
pledges of secrecy we had made as we prepared to leave the nightmare city. 
Certain things, we had agreed, were not for people to know and discuss lightly- 
and I would not speak of them now but for the need of heading off that 
Starkweather-Moore Expedition, and others, at any cost. It is absolutely 
necessary, for the peace and safety of mankind, that some of earth's dark, dead 
corners and unplumbed depths be let alone; lest sleeping abnormalities wake to 
resurgent life, and blasphemously surviving nightmares squirm and splash out 
of their black lairs to newer and wider conquests. 

All that Danforth has ever hinted is that the final horror was a mirage. It was not, 
he declares, anything connected with the cubes and caves of those echoing, 
vaporous, wormily-honeycombed mountains of madness which we crossed; but 
a single fantastic, demoniac glimpse, among the churning zenith clouds, of what 
lay back of those other violet westward mountains which the Old Ones had 
shunned and feared. It is very probable that the thing was a sheer delusion born 
of the previous stresses we had passed through, and of the actual though 
unrecognized mirage of the dead transmontane city experienced near Lake's 
camp the day before; but it was so real to Danforth that he suffers from it still. 

He has on rare occasions whispered disjointed and irresponsible things about 
"The black pit," "the carven rim," "the protoShoggoths," "the windowless solids 
with five dimensions," "the nameless cylinder," "the elder Pharos," "Yog- 
Sothoth," "the primal white jelly," "the color out of space," "the wings," "the 
eyes in darkness," "the moon-ladder," "the original, the eternal, the undying," 



90 



and other bizarre conceptions; but when he is fully himself he repudiates all this 
and attributes it to his curious and macabre reading of earlier years. Danforth, 
indeed, is known to be among the few who have ever dared go completely 
through that worm-riddled copy of the Necronomicon kept under lock and key 
in the college library. 

The higher sky, as we crossed the range, was surely vaporous and disturbed 
enough; and although I did not see the zenith, I can well imagine that its swirls 
of ice dust may have taken strange forms. Imagination, knowing how vividly 
distant scenes can sometimes be reflected, refracted, and magnified by such 
layers of restless cloud, might easily have supplied the rest - and, of course, 
Danforth did not hint any of these specific horrors till after his memory had had 
a chance to draw on his bygone reading. He could never have seen so much in 
one instantaneous glance. 

At the time, his shrieks were confined to the repetition of a single, mad word of 
all too obvious source: "Tekeli-li! Tekeli-li!" 



91 



Azathoth 



Written June 1922 

Published 1938 in Leaves, Vol. 2: p. 107. 

When age fell upon the world, and wonder went out of the minds of men; when 
grey cities reared to smoky skies tall towers grim and ugly, in whose shadow 
none might dream of the sun or of Spring's flowering meads; when learning 
stripped the Earth of her mantle of beauty and poets sang no more of twisted 
phantoms seen with bleared and inward looking eyes; when these things had 
come to pass, and childish hopes had gone forever, there was a man who 
traveled out of life on a quest into spaces whither the world's dreams had fled. 

Of the name and abode of this man little is written, for they were of the waking 
world only; yet it is said that both were obscure. It is enough to say that he dwelt 
in a city of high walls where sterile twilight reigned, that he toiled all day among 
shadow and turmoil, coming home at evening to a room whose one window 
opened not to open fields and groves but on to a dim court where other windows 
stared in dull despair. From that casement one might see only walls and 
windows, except sometimes when one leaned so far out and peered at the small 
stars that passed. And because mere walls and windows must soon drive a man 
to madness who dreams and reads much, the dweller in that roOm used night 
after night to lean out and peer aloft to glimpse some fragment of things beyond 
the waking world and the tall cities. After years he began to call the slow sailing 
stars by name, and to follow them in fancy when they glided regretfully out of 
sight; till at length his vision opened to many secret vistas whose existance no 
common eye suspected. And one night a mighty gulf was bridged, and the 
dream haunted skies swelled down to the lonely watcher's window to merge 
with the close air of his room and to make him a part of their fabulous wonder. 

There came to that room wild streams of violet midnight glittering with dust of 
gold, vortices of dust and fire, swirling out of the ultimate spaces and heavy 
perfumes from beyond the worlds. Opiate oceans poured there, litten by suns 
that the eye may never behold and having in their whirlpools strange dolphins 
and sea-nymphs of unrememberable depths. Noiseless infinity eddied around 
the dreamer and wafted him away without touching the body that leaned stiffly 
from the lonely window; and for days not counted in men's calandars the tides 
of far spheres that bore him gently to join the course of other cycles that tenderly 
left him sleeping on a green sunrise shore, a green shore fragrant with lotus 
blossums and starred by red camalotes... 



92 



Beyond the Wall of Sleep 

Written 1919 

Published October 1919 in Pine Cones, Vol. 1, No. 6, p. 2-10 

I have often wondered if the majority of mankind ever pause to reflect upon the 
occasionally titanic significance of dreams, and of the obscure world to which 
they belong. Whilst the greater number of our nocturnal visions are perhaps no 
more than faint and fantastic reflections of our waking experiences - Freud to the 
contrary with his puerile symbolism - there are still a certain remainder whose 
immundane and ethereal character permit of no ordinary interpretation, and 
whose vaguely exciting and disquieting effect suggests possible minute glimpses 
into a sphere of mental existence no less important than physical life, yet 
separated from that life by an all but impassable barrier. From my experience I 
cannot doubt but that man, when lost to terrestrial consciousness, is indeed 
sojourning in another and uncorporeal life of far different nature from the life we 
know, and of which only the slightest and most indistinct memories linger after 
waking. From those blurred and fragmentary memories we may infer much, yet 
prove little. We may guess that in dreams life, matter, and vitality, as the earth 
knows such things, are not necessarily constant; and that time and space do not 
exist as our waking selves comprehend them. Sometimes I believe that this less 
material life is our truer life, and that our vain presence on the terraqueous globe 
is itself the secondary or merely virtual phenomenon. 

It was from a youthful revery filled with speculations of this sort that I arose one 
afternoon in the winter of 1900-01, when to the state psychopathic institution in 
which I served as an intern was brought the man whose case has ever since 
haunted me so unceasingly. His name, as given on the records, was Joe Slater, or 
Slaader, and his appearance was that of the typical denizen of the Catskill 
Mountain region; one of those strange, repellent scions of a primitive Colonial 
peasant stock whose isolation for nearly three centuries in the hilly fastnesses of 
a little-traveled countryside has caused them to sink to a kind of barbaric 
degeneracy, rather than advance with their more fortunately placed brethren of 
the thickly settled districts. Among these odd folk, who correspond exactly to the 
decadent element of "white trash" in the South, law and morals are non-existent; 
and their general mental status is probably below that of any other section of 
native American people. 

Joe Slater, who came to the institution in the vigilant custody of four state 
policemen, and who was described as a highly dangerous character, certainly 
presented no evidence of his perilous disposition when I first beheld him. 



93 



Though well above the middle stature, and of somewhat brawny frame, he was 
given an absurd appearance of harmless stupidity by the pale, sleepy blueness of 
his small watery eyes, the scantiness of his neglected and never-shaven growth 
of yellow beard, and the listless drooping of his heavy nether lip. His age was 
unknown, since among his kind neither family records nor permanent family ties 
exist; but from the baldness of his head in front, and from the decayed condition 
of his teeth, the head surgeon wrote him down as a man of about forty. 

From the medical and court documents we learned all that could be gathered of 
his case: this man, a vagabond, hunter and trapper, had always been strange in 
the eyes of his primitive associates. He had habitually slept at night beyond the 
ordinary time, and upon waking would often talk of unknown things in a 
manner so bizarre as to inspire fear even in the hearts of an unimaginative 
populace. Not that his form of language was at all unusual, for he never spoke 
save in the debased patois of his environment; but the tone and tenor of his 
utterances were of such mysterious wildness, that none might listen without 
apprehension. He himself was generally as terrified and baffled as his auditors, 
and within an hour after awakening would forget all that he had said, or at least 
all that had caused him to say what he did; relapsing into a bovine, half-amiable 
normality like that of the other hilldwellers. 

As Slater grew older, it appeared, his matutinal aberrations had gradually 
increased in frequency and violence; till about a month before his arrival at the 
institution had occurred the shocking tragedy which caused his arrest by the 
authorities. One day near noon, after a profound sleep begun in a whiskey 
debauch at about five of the previous afternoon, the man had roused himself 
most suddenly, with ululations so horrible and unearthly that they brought 
several neighbors to his cabin - a filthy sty where he dwelt with a family as 
indescribable as himself. Rushing out into the snow, he had flung his arms aloft 
and commenced a series of leaps directly upward in the air; the while shouting 
his determination to reach some "big, big cabin with brightness in the roof and 
walls and floor and the loud queer music far away". As two men of moderate 
size sought to restrain him, he had struggled with maniacal force and fury, 
screaming of his desire and need to find and kill a certain "thing that shines and 
shakes and laughs". At length, after temporarily felling one of his detainers with 
a sudden blow, he had flung himself upon the other in a demoniac ecstasy of 
blood-thirstiness, shrieking fiendishly that he would "jump high in the air and 
burn his way through anything that stopped him". 

Family and neighbors had now fled in a panic, and when the more courageous of 
them returned. Slater was gone, leaving behind an unrecognizable pulp-like 
thing that had been a living man but an hour before. None of the mountaineers 
had dared to pursue him, and it is likely that they would have welcomed his 



94 



death from the cold; but when several mornings later they heard his screams 
from a distant ravine they realized that he had somehow managed to survive, 
and that his removal in one way or another would be necessary. Then had 
followed an armed searching-party, whose purpose (whatever it may have been 
originally) became that of a sheriff's posse after one of the seldom popular state 
troopers had by accident observed, then questioned, and finally joined the 
seekers. 

On the third day Slater was found unconscious in the hollow of a tree, and taken 
to the nearest jail, where alienists from Albany examined him as soon as his 
senses returned. To them he told a simple story. He had, he said, gone to sleep 
one afternoon about sundown after drinking much liquor. He had awakened to 
find himself standing bloody-handed in the snow before his cabin, the mangled 
corpse of his neighbor Peter Slader at his feet. Horrified, he had taken to the 
woods in a vague effort to escape from the scene of what must have been his 
crime. Beyond these things he seemed to know nothing, nor could the expert 
questioning of his interrogators bring out a single additional fact. 

That night Slater slept quietly, and the next morning he awakened with no 
singular feature save a certain alteration of expression. Doctor Barnard, who had 
been watching the patient, thought he noticed in the pale blue eyes a certain 
gleam of peculiar quality, and in the flaccid lips an all but imperceptible 
tightening, as if of intelligent determination. But when questioned. Slater 
relapsed into the habitual vacancy of the mountaineer, and only reiterated what 
he had said on the preceding day. 

On the third morning occurred the first of the man's mental attacks. After some 
show of uneasiness in sleep, he burst forth into a frenzy so powerful that the 
combined efforts of four men were needed to bind him in a straightjacket. The 
alienists listened with keen attention to his words, since their curiosity had been 
aroused to a high pitch by the suggestive yet mostly conflicting and incoherent 
stories of his family and neighbors. Slater raved for upward of fifteen minutes, 
babbling in his backwoods dialect of green edifices of light, oceans of space, 
strange music, and shadowy mountains and valleys. But most of all did he dwell 
upon some mysterious blazing entity that shook and laughed and mocked at 
him. This vast, vague personality seemed to have done him a terrible wrong, and 
to kill it in triumphant revenge was his paramount desire. In order to reach it, he 
said, he would soar through abysses of emptiness, burning every obstacle that 
stood in his way. Thus ran his discourse, until with the greatest suddenness he 
ceased. The fire of madness died from his eyes, and in dull wonder he looked at 
his questioners and asked why he was bound. Dr. Barnard unbuckled the leather 
harness and did not restore it till night, when he succeeded in persuading Slater 



95 



to don it of his own volition, for his own good. The man had now admitted that 
he sometimes talked queerly, though he knew not why. 

Within a week two more attacks appeared, but from them the doctors learned 
little. On the source of Slater's visions they speculated at length, for since he 
could neither read nor write, and had apparently never heard a legend or fairy- 
tale, his gorgeous imagery was quite inexplicable. That it could not come from 
any known myth or romance was made especially clear by the fact that the 
unfortunate lunatic expressed himself only in his own simple manner. He raved 
of things he did not understand and could not interpret; things which he claimed 
to have experienced, but which he could not have learned through any normal or 
connected narration. The alienists soon agreed that abnormal dreams were the 
foundation of the trouble; dreams whose vividness could for a time completely 
dominate the waking mind of this basically inferior man. With due formality 
Slater was tried for murder, acquitted on the ground of insanity, and committed 
to the institution wherein I held so humble a post. 

I have said that I am a constant speculator concerning dream-life, and from this 
you may judge of the eagerness with which I applied myself to the study of the 
new patient as soon as I had fully ascertained the facts of his case. He seemed to 
sense a certain friendliness in me, born no doubt of the interest I could not 
conceal, and the gentle manner in which I questioned him. Not that he ever 
recognized me during his attacks, when I hung breathlessly upon his chaotic but 
cosmic word-pictures; but he knew me in his quiet hours, when he would sit by 
his barred window weaving baskets of straw and willow, and perhaps pining for 
the mountain freedom he could never again enjoy. His family never called to see 
him; probably it had found another temporary head, after the manner of 
decadent mountain folk. 

By degrees I commenced to feel an overwhelming wonder at the mad and 
fantastic conceptions of Joe Slater. The man himself was pitiably inferior in 
mentality and language alike; but his glowing, titanic visions, though described 
in a barbarous disjointed jargon, were assuredly things which only a superior or 
even exceptional brain could conceive How, I often asked myself, could the 
stolid imagination of a Catskill degenerate conjure up sights whose very 
possession argued a lurking spark of genius? How could any backwoods dullard 
have gained so much as an idea of those glittering realms of supernal radiance 
and space about which Slater ranted in his furious delirium? More and more I 
inclined to the belief that in the pitiful personality who cringed before me lay the 
disordered nucleus of something beyond my comprehension; something 
infinitely beyond the comprehension of my more experienced but less 
imaginative medical and scientific colleagues. 



96 



And yet I could extract nothing definite from the man. The sum of all my 
investigation was, that in a kind of semi-corporeal dream-life Slater wandered or 
floated through resplendent and prodigious valleys, meadows, gardens, cities, 
and palaces of light, in a region unbounded and unknown to man; that there he 
was no peasant or degenerate, but a creature of importance and vivid life, 
moving proudly and dominantly, and checked only by a certain deadly enemy, 
who seemed to be a being of visible yet ethereal structure, and who did not 
appear to be of human shape, since Slater never referred to it as a man, or as 
aught save a thing. This thing had done Slater some hideous but unnamed 
wrong, which the maniac (if maniac he were) yearned to avenge. 

From the manner in which Slater alluded to their dealings, I judged that he and 
the luminous thing had met on equal terms; that in his dream existence the man 
was himself a luminous thing of the same race as his enemy. This impression 
was sustained by his frequent references to flying through space and burning all 
that impeded his progress. Yet these conceptions were formulated in rustic 
words wholly inadequate to convey them, a circumstance which drove me to the 
conclusion that if a dream world indeed existed, oral language was not its 
medium for the transmission of thought. Could it be that the dream soul 
inhabiting this inferior body was desperately struggling to speak things which 
the simple and halting tongue of dullness could not utter? Could it be that I was 
face to face with intellectual emanations which would explain the mystery if I 
could but learn to discover and read them? I did not tell the older physicians of 
these things, for middle age is skeptical, cynical, and disinclined to accept new 
ideas. Besides, the head of the institution had but lately warned me in his 
paternal way that I was overworking; that my mind needed a rest. 

It had long been my belief that human thought consists basically of atomic or 
molecular motion, convertible into ether waves or radiant energy like heat, light 
and electricity. This belief had early led me to contemplate the possibility of 
telepathy or mental communication by means of suitable apparatus, and I had in 
my college days prepared a set of transmitting and receiving instruments 
somewhat similar to the cumbrous devices employed in wireless telegraphy at 
that crude, pre-radio period. These I had tested with a fellow-student, but 
achieving no result, had soon packed them away with other scientific odds and 
ends for possible future use. 

Now, in my intense desire to probe into the dream-life of Joe Slater, I sought 
these instruments again, and spent several days in repairing them for action. 
When they were complete once more I missed no opportunity for their trial. At 
each outburst of Slater's violence, I would fit the transmitter to his forehead and 
the receiver to my own, constantly making delicate adjustments for various 
hypothetical wave- lengths of intellectual energy. I had but little notion of how 



97 



the thought-impressions would, if successfully conveyed, arouse an intelligent 
response in my brain, but I felt certain that I could detect and interpret them. 
Accordingly I continued my experiments, though informing no one of their 
nature. 

It was on the twenty-first of February, 1901, that the thing occurred. As I look 
back across the years I realize how unreal it seems, and sometimes wonder if old 
Doctor Fenton was not right when he charged it all to my excited imagination. I 
recall that he listened with great kindness and patience when I told him, but 
afterward gave me a nerve-powder and arranged for the half-year's vacation on 
which I departed the next week. 

That fateful night I was wildly agitated and perturbed, for despite the excellent 
care he had received, Joe Slater was unmistakably dying. Perhaps it was his 
mountain freedom that he missed, or perhaps the turmoil in his brain had grown 
too acute for his rather sluggish physique; but at all events the flame of vitality 
flickered low in the decadent body. He was drowsy near the end, and as 
darkness fell he dropped off into a troubled sleep. 

I did not strap on the straightjacket as was customary when he slept, since I saw 
that he was too feeble to be dangerous, even if he woke in mental disorder once 
more before passing away. But I did place upon his head and mine the two ends 
of my cosmic "radio", hoping against hope for a first and last message from the 
dream world in the brief time remaining. In the cell with us was one nurse, a 
mediocre fellow who did not understand the purpose of the apparatus, or think 
to inquire into my course. As the hours wore on I saw his head droop 
awkwardly in sleep, but I did not disturb him. I myself, lulled by the rhythmical 
breathing of the healthy and the dying man, must have nodded a little later. 

The sound of weird lyric melody was what aroused me. Chords, vibrations, and 
harmonic ecstasies echoed passionately on every hand, while on my ravished 
sight burst the stupendous spectacle ultimate beauty. Walls, columns, and 
architraves of living fire blazed effulgently around the spot where I seemed to 
float in air, extending upward to an infinitely high vaulted dome of indescribable 
splendor. Blending with this display of palatial magnificence, or rather, 
supplanting it at times in kaleidoscopic rotation, were glimpses of wide plains 
and graceful valleys, high mountains and inviting grottoes, covered with every 
lovely attribute of scenery which my delighted eyes could conceive of, yet 
formed wholly of some glowing, ethereal plastic entity, which in consistency 
partook as much of spirit as of matter. As I gazed, I perceived that my own brain 
held the key to these enchanting metamorphoses; for each vista which appeared 
to me was the one my changing mind most wished to behold. Amidst this 
elysian realm I dwelt not as a stranger, for each sight and sound was familiar to 



98 



me; just as it had been for uncounted eons of eternity before, and would be for 
like eternities to come. 

Then the resplendent aura of my brother of light drew near and held colloquy 
with me, soul to soul, with silent and perfect interchange of thought. The hour 
was one of approaching triumph, for was not my fellow-being escaping at last 
from a degrading periodic bondage; escaping forever, and preparing to follow 
the accursed oppressor even unto the uttermost fields of ether, that upon it might 
be wrought a flaming cosmic vengeance which would shake the spheres? We 
floated thus for a little time, when I perceived a slight blurring and fading of the 
objects around us, as though some force were recalling me to earth - where I least 
wished to go. The form near me seemed to feel a change also, for it gradually 
brought its discourse toward a conclusion, and itself prepared to quit the scene, 
fading from my sight at a rate somewhat less rapid than that of the other objects. 
A few more thoughts were exchanged, and I knew that the luminous one and I 
were being recalled to bondage, though for my brother of light it would be the 
last time. The sorry planet shell being well-nigh spent, in less than an hour my 
fellow would be free to pursue the oppressor along the Milky Way and past the 
hither stars to the very confines of infinity. 

A well-defined shock separates my final impression of the fading scene of light 
from my sudden and somewhat shamefaced awakening and straightening up in 
my chair as I saw the dying figure on the couch move hesitantly. Joe Slater was 
indeed awaking, though probably for the last time. As I looked more closely, I 
saw that in the sallow cheeks shone spots of color which had never before been 
present. The lips, too, seemed unusual, being tightly compressed, as if by the 
force of a stronger character than had been Slater's. The whole face finally began 
to grow tense, and the head turned restlessly with closed eyes. 

I did not rouse the sleeping nurse, but readjusted the slightly disarranged 
headband of my telepathic "radio", intent to catch any parting message the 
dreamer might have to deliver. All at once the head turned sharply in my 
direction and the eyes fell open, causing me to stare in blank amazement at what 
I beheld. The man who had been Joe Slater, the Catskill decadent, was gazing at 
me with a pair of luminous, expanding eyes whose blue seemed subtly to have 
deepened. Neither mania nor degeneracy was visible in that gaze, and I felt 
beyond a doubt that I was viewing a face behind which lay an active mind of 
high order. 

At this juncture my brain became aware of a steady external influence operating 
upon it. I closed my eyes to concentrate my thoughts more profoundly and was 
rewarded by the positive knowledge that my long-sought mental message had 
come at last. Each transmitted idea formed rapidly in my mind, and though no 



99 



actual language was employed, my habitual association of conception and 
expression was so great that I seemed to be receiving the message in ordinary 
English. 

"Joe Slater is dead/' came the soul-petrifying voice of an agency from beyond the 
wall of sleep. My opened eyes sought the couch of pain in curious horror, but the 
blue eyes were still calmly gazing, and the countenance was still intelligently 
animated. "He is better dead, for he was unfit to bear the active intellect of 
cosmic entity. His gross body could not undergo the needed adjustments 
between ethereal life and planet life. He was too much an animal, too little a 
man; yet it is through his deficiency that you have come to discover me, for the 
cosmic and planet souls rightly should never meet. He has been in my torment 
and diurnal prison for forty-two of your terrestrial years. 

"I am an entity like that which you yourself become in the freedom of dreamless 
sleep. I am your brother of light, and have floated with you in the effulgent 
valleys. It is not permitted me to tell your waking earth-self of your real self, but 
we are all roamers of vast spaces and travelers in many ages. Next year I may be 
dwelling in the Egypt which you call ancient, or in the cruel empire of Tsan Chan 
which is to come three thousand years hence. You and I have drifted to the 
worlds that reel about the red Arcturus, and dwelt in the bodies of the insect- 
philosophers that crawl proudly over the fourth moon of Jupiter. How little does 
the earth self know life and its extent! How little, indeed, ought it to know for its 
own tranquility! 

"Of the oppressor I cannot speak. You on earth have unwittingly felt its distant 
presence - you who without knowing idly gave the blinking beacon the name of 
Algol, the Demon-Star. It is to meet and conquer the oppressor that I have vainly 
striven for eons, held back by bodily encumbrances. Tonight I go as a Nemesis 
bearing just and blazingly cataclysmic vengeance. Watch me in the sky close by 
the Demon-Star. 

"I cannot speak longer, for the body of Joe Slater grows cold and rigid, and the 
coarse brains are ceasing to vibrate as I wish. You have been my only friend on 
this planet - the only soul to sense and seek for me within the repellent form 
which lies on this couch. We shall meet again - perhaps in the shining mists of 
Orion's Sword, perhaps on a bleak plateau in prehistoric Asia, perhaps in 
unremembered dreams tonight, perhaps in some other form an eon hence, when 
the solar system shall have been swept away." 

At this point the thought-waves abruptly ceased, the pale eyes of the dreamer - 
or can I say dead man? - commenced to glaze fishily. In a half-stupor I crossed 
over to the couch and felt of his wrist, but found it cold, stiff, and pulseless. The 



100 



sallow cheeks paled again, and the thick lips fell open, disclosing the repulsively 
rotten fangs of the degenerate Joe Slater. I shivered, pulled a blanket over the 
hideous face, and awakened the nurse. Then I left the cell and went silently to 
my room. I had an instant and unaccountable craving for a sleep whose dreams I 
should not remember. 

The climax? What plain tale of science can boast of such a rhetorical effect? I have 
merely set down certain things appealing to me as facts, allowing you to 
construe them as you will. As I have already admitted, my superior, old Doctor 
Fenton, denies the reality of everything I have related. He vows that I was 
broken down with nervous strain, and badly in need of a long vacation on full 
pay which he so generously gave me. He assures me on his professional honor 
that Joe Slater was but a low-grade paranoiac, whose fantastic notions must have 
come from the crude hereditary folk-tales which circulated in even the most 
decadent of communities. All this he tells me - yet I cannot forget what I saw in 
the sky on the night after Slater died. Lest you think me a biased witness, another 
pen must add this final testimony, which may perhaps supply the climax you 
expect. I will quote the following account of the star Nova Persei verbatim from 
the pages of that eminent astronomical authority. Professor Garrett P. Serviss: 

"On February 22, 1901, a marvelous new star was discovered by Doctor 
Anderson of Edinburgh, not very far from Algol. No star had been visible at that 
point before. Within twenty-four hours the stranger had become so bright that it 
outshone Capella. In a week or two it had visibly faded, and in the course of a 
few months it was hardly discernible with the naked eye 



101 



Celephais 



Written early Nov 1920 

Published May 1922 in The Rainbow, No. 2, p. 10-12. 

In a dream Kuranes saw the city in the valley, and the seacoast beyond, and the 
snowy peak overlooking the sea, and the gaily painted galleys that sail out of the 
harbour toward distant regions where the sea meets the sky. In a dream it was 
also that he came by his name of Kuranes, for when awake he was called by 
another name. Perhaps it was natural for him to dream a new name; for he was 
the last of his family, and alone among the indifferent millions of London, so 
there were not many to speak to him and to remind him who he had been. His 
money and lands were gone, and he did not care for the ways of the people 
about him, but preferred to dream and write of his dreams. What he wrote was 
laughed at by those to whom he showed it, so that after a time he kept his 
writings to himself, and finally ceased to write. The more he withdrew from the 
world about him, the more wonderful became his dreams; and it would have 
been quite futile to try to describe them on paper. Kuranes was not modern, and 
did not think like others who wrote. Whilst they strove to strip from life its 
embroidered robes of myth and to show in naked ugliness the foul thing that is 
reality, Kuranes sought for beauty alone. When truth and experience failed to 
reveal it, he sought it in fancy and illusion, and found it on his very doorstep, 
amid the nebulous memories of childhood tales and dreams. 

There are not many persons who know what wonders are opened to them in the 
stories and visions of their youth; for when as children we listen and dream, we 
think but half-formed thoughts, and when as men we try to remember, we are 
dulled and prosaic with the poison of life. But some of us awake in the night with 
strange phantasms of enchanted hills and gardens, of fountains that sing in the 
sun, of golden cliffs overhanging murmuring seas, of plains that stretch down to 
sleeping cities of bronze and stone, and of shadowy companies of heroes that 
ride caparisoned white horses along the edges of thick forests; and then we know 
that we have looked back through the ivory gates into that world of wonder 
which was ours before we were wise and unhappy. 

Kuranes came very suddenly upon his old world of childhood. He had been 
dreaming of the house where he had been born; the great stone house covered 
with ivy, where thirteen generations of his ancestors had lived, and where he 
had hoped to die. It was moonlight, and he had stolen out into the fragrant 
summer night, through the gardens, down the terraces, past the great oaks of the 
park, and along the long white road to the village. The village seemed very old. 



102 



eaten away at the edge like the moon which had commenced to wane, and 
Kuranes wondered whether the peaked roofs of the small houses hid sleep or 
death. In the streets were spears of long grass, and the window-panes on either 
side broken or filmily staring. Kuranes had not lingered, but had plodded on as 
though summoned toward some goal. He dared not disobey the summons for 
fear it might prove an illusion like the urges and aspirations of waking life, 
which do not lead to any goal. Then he had been drawn down a lane that led off 
from the village street toward the channel cliffs, and had come to the end of 
things to the precipice and the abyss where all the village and all the world fell 
abruptly into the unechoing emptiness of infinity, and where even the sky ahead 
was empty and unlit by the crumbling moon and the peering stars. Faith had 
urged him on, over the precipice and into the gulf, where he had floated down, 
down, down; past dark, shapeless, undreamed dreams, faintly glowing spheres 
that may have been partly dreamed dreams, and laughing winged things that 
seemed to mock the dreamers of all the worlds. Then a rift seemed to open in the 
darkness before him, and he saw the city of the valley, glistening radiantly far, 
far below, with a background of sea and sky, and a snowcapped mountain near 
the shore. 

Kuranes had awakened the very moment he beheld the city, yet he knew from 
his brief glance that it was none other than Celephais, in the Valley of Ooth- 
Nargai beyond the Tanarian Hills where his spirit had dwelt all the eternity of an 
hour one summer afternoon very long ago, when he had slipt away from his 
nurse and let the warm sea-breeze lull him to sleep as he watched the clouds 
from the cliff near the village. He had protested then, when they had found him, 
waked him, and carried him home, for just as he was aroused he had been about 
to sail in a golden galley for those alluring regions where the sea meets the sky. 
And now he was equally resentful of awaking, for he had found his fabulous city 
after forty weary years. 

But three nights afterward Kuranes came again to Celephais. As before, he 
dreamed first of the village that was asleep or dead, and of the abyss down 
which one must float silently; then the rift appeared again, and he beheld the 
glittering minarets of the city, and saw the graceful galleys riding at anchor in 
the blue harbour, and watched the gingko trees of Mount Aran swaying in the 
sea-breeze. But this time he was not snatched away, and like a winged being 
settled gradually over a grassy hillside till finally his feet rested gently on the 
turf. He had indeed come back to the Valley of Ooth-Nargai and the splendid 
city of Celephais. 

Down the hill amid scented grasses and brilliant flowers walked Kuranes, over 
the bubbling Naraxa on the small wooden bridge where he had carved his name 
so many years ago, and through the whispering grove to the great stone bridge 



103 



by the city gate. All was as of old, nor were the marble walls discoloured, nor the 
polished bronze statues upon them tarnished. And Kuranes saw that he need not 
tremble lest the things he knew be vanished; for even the sentries on the 
ramparts were the same, and still as young as he remembered them. When he 
entered the city, past the bronze gates and over the onyx pavements, the 
merchants and camel-drivers greeted him as if he had never been away; and it 
was the same at the turquoise temple of Nath-Horthath, where the orchid- 
wreathed priests told him that there is no time in Ooth-Nargai, but only 
perpetual youth. Then Kuranes walked through the Street of Pillars to the 
seaward wall, where gathered the traders and sailors, and strange men from the 
regions where the sea meets the sky. There he stayed long, gazing out over the 
bright harbour where the ripples sparkled beneath an unknown sun, and where 
rode lightly the galleys from far places over the water. And he gazed also upon 
Mount Aran rising regally from the shore, its lower slopes green with swaying 
trees and its white summit touching the sky. 

More than ever Kuranes wished to sail in a galley to the far places of which he 
had heard so many strange tales, and he sought again the captain who had 
agreed to carry him so long ago. He found the man, Athib, sitting on the same 
chest of spice he had sat upon before, and Athib seemed not to realize that any 
time had passed. Then the two rowed to a galley in the harbour, and giving 
orders to the oarmen, commenced to sail out into the billowy Cerenarian Sea that 
leads to the sky. For several days they glided undulatingly over the water, till 
finally they came to the horizon, where the sea meets the sky. Here the galley 
paused not at all, but floated easily in the blue of the sky among fleecy clouds 
tinted with rose. And far beneath the keel Kuranes could see strange lands and 
rivers and cities of surpassing beauty, spread indolently in the sunshine which 
seemed never to lessen or disappear. At length Athib told him that their journey 
was near its end, and that they would soon enter the harbour of Serannian, the 
pink marble city of the clouds, which is built on that ethereal coast where the 
west wind flows into the sky; but as the highest of the city's carven towers came 
into sight there was a sound somewhere in space, and Kuranes awaked in his 
London garret. 

For many months after that Kuranes sought the marvellous city of Celephais and 
its sky-bound galleys in vain; and though his dreams carried him to many 
gorgeous and unheard-of places, no one whom he met could tell him how to find 
Ooth-Nargai beyond the Tanarian Hills. One night he went flying over dark 
mountains where there were faint, lone campfires at great distances apart, and 
strange, shaggy herds with tinkling bells on the leaders, and in the wildest part 
of this hilly country, so remote that few men could ever have seen it, he found a 
hideously ancient wall or causeway of stone zigzagging along the ridges and 
valleys; too gigantic ever to have risen by human hands, and of such a length 



104 



that neither end of it could be seen. Beyond that wall in the grey dawn he came 
to a land of quaint gardens and cherry trees, and when the sun rose he beheld 
such beauty of red and white flowers, green foliage and lawns, white paths, 
diamond brooks, blue lakelets, carven bridges, and red-roofed pagodas, that he 
for a moment forgot Celephais in sheer delight. But he remembered it again 
when he walked down a white path toward a red-roofed pagoda, and would 
have questioned the people of this land about it, had he not found that there 
were no people there, but only birds and bees and butterflies. On another night 
Kuranes walked up a damp stone spiral stairway endlessly, and came to a tower 
window overlooking a mighty plain and river lit by the full moon; and in the 
silent city that spread away from the river bank he thought he beheld some 
feature or arrangement which he had known before. He would have descended 
and asked the way to Ooth-Nargai had not a fearsome aurora sputtered up from 
some remote place beyond the horizon, showing the ruin and antiquity of the 
city, and the stagnation of the reedy river, and the death lying upon that land, as 
it had lain since King Kynaratholis came home from his conquests to find the 
vengeance of the gods. 

So Kuranes sought fruitlessly for the marvellous city of Celephais and its galleys 
that sail to Serannian in the sky, meanwhile seeing many wonders and once 
barely escaping from the high-priest not to be described, which wears a yellow 
silken mask over its face and dwells all alone in a prehistoric stone monastery in 
the cold desert plateau of Leng. In time he grew so impatient of the bleak 
intervals of day that he began buying drugs in order to increase his periods of 
sleep. Hasheesh helped a great deal, and once sent him to a part of space where 
form does not exist, but where glowing gases study the secrets of existence. And 
a violet-coloured gas told him that this part of space was outside what he had 
called infinity. The gas had not heard of planets and organisms before, but 
identified Kuranes merely as one from the infinity where matter, energy, and 
gravitation exist. Kuranes was now very anxious to return to minaret-studded 
Celephais, and increased his doses of drugs; but eventually he had no more 
money left, and could buy no drugs. Then one summer day he was turned out of 
his garret, and wandered aimlessly through the streets, drifting over a bridge to a 
place where the houses grew thinner and thinner. And it was there that 
fulfillment came, and he met the cortege of knights come from Celephais to bear 
him thither forever. 

Handsome knights they were, astride roan horses and clad in shining armour 
with tabards of cloth-of- gold curiously emblazoned. So numerous were they, 
that Kuranes almost mistook them for an army, but they were sent in his honour; 
since it was he who had created Ooth-Nargai in his dreams, on which account he 
was now to be appointed its chief god for evermore. Then they gave Kuranes a 
horse and placed him at the head of the cavalcade, and all rode majestically 



105 



through the downs of Surrey and onward toward the region where Kuranes and 
his ancestors were born. It was very strange, but as the riders went on they 
seemed to gallop back through Time; for whenever they passed through a village 
in the twilight they saw only such houses and villagers as Chaucer or men before 
him might have seen, and sometimes they saw knights on horseback with small 
companies of retainers. When it grew dark they travelled more swiftly, till soon 
they were flying uncannily as if in the air. In the dim dawn they came upon the 
village which Kuranes had seen alive in his childhood, and asleep or dead in his 
dreams. It was alive now, and early villagers curtsied as the horsemen clattered 
down the street and turned off into the lane that ends in the abyss of dreams. 
Kuranes had previously entered that abyss only at night, and wondered what it 
would look like by day; so he watched anxiously as the column approached its 
brink. Just as they galloped up the rising ground to the precipice a golden glare 
came somewhere out of the west and hid all the landscape in effulgent draperies. 
The abyss was a seething chaos of roseate and cerulean splendour, and invisible 
voices sang exultantly as the knightly entourage plunged over the edge and 
floated gracefully down past glittering clouds and silvery coruscations. Endlessly 
down the horsemen floated, their chargers pawing the aether as if galloping over 
golden sands; and then the luminous vapours spread apart to reveal a greater 
brightness, the brightness of the city Celephais, and the sea coast beyond, and the 
snowy peak overlooking the sea, and the gaily painted galleys that sail out of the 
harbour toward distant regions where the sea meets the sky. 

And Kuranes reigned thereafter over Ooth-Nargai and all the neighboring 
regions of dream, and held his court alternately in Celephais and in the cloud- 
fashioned Serannian. He reigns there still, and will reign happily for ever, though 
below the cliffs at Innsmouth the channel tides played mockingly with the body 
of a tramp who had stumbled through the half-deserted village at dawn; played 
mockingly, and cast it upon the rocks by ivy-covered Trevor Towers, where a 
notably fat and especially offensive millionaire brewer enjoys the purchased 
atmosphere of extinct nobility. 



106 



Cool Air 



Written March 1926 

Published March 1928 in Tales of Magic and Mystery, Vol. 1, No. 4, 29-34. 

You ask me to explain why I am afraid of a draught of cool air; why I shiver 
more than others upon entering a cold room, and seem nauseated and repelled 
when the chill of evening creeps through the heat of a mild autumn day. There 
are those who say I respond to cold as others do to a bad odour, and I am the last 
to deny the impression. What I will do is to relate the most horrible circumstance 
I ever encountered, and leave it to you to judge whether or not this forms a 
suitable explanation of my peculiarity. 

It is a mistake to fancy that horror is associated inextricably with darkness, 
silence, and solitude. I found it in the glare of mid-afternoon, in the clangour of a 
metropolis, and in the teeming midst of a shabby and commonplace rooming- 
house with a prosaic landlady and two stalwart men by my side. In the spring of 
1923 I had secured some dreary and unprofitable magazine work in the city of 
New York; and being unable to pay any substantial rent, began drifting from one 
cheap boarding establishment to another in search of a room which might 
combine the qualities of decent cleanliness, endurable furnishings, and very 
reasonable price. It soon developed that I had only a choice between different 
evils, but after a time I came upon a house in West Fourteenth Street which 
disgusted me much less than the others I had sampled. 

The place was a four-story mansion of brownstone, dating apparently from the 
late forties, and fitted with woodwork and marble whose stained and sullied 
splendour argued a descent from high levels of tasteful opulence. In the rooms, 
large and lofty, and decorated with impossible paper and ridiculously ornate 
stucco cornices, there lingered a depressing mustiness and hint of obscure 
cookery; but the floors were clean, the linen tolerably regular, and the hot water 
not too often cold or turned off, so that I came to regard it as at least a bearable 
place to hibernate till one might really live again. The landlady, a slatternly, 
almost bearded Spanish woman named Herrero, did not annoy me with gossip 
or with criticisms of the late-burning electric light in my third-floor front hall 
room; and my fellow-lodgers were as quiet and uncommunicative as one might 
desire, being mostly Spaniards a little above the coarsest and crudest grade. Only 
the din of street cars in the thoroughfare below proved a serious annoyance. 

I had been there about three weeks when the first odd incident occurred. One 
evening at about eight I heard a spattering on the floor and became suddenly 



107 



aware that I had been smeUing the pungent odour of ammonia for some time. 
Looking about, I saw that the ceihng was wet and dripping; the soaking 
apparently proceeding from a corner on the side toward the street. Anxious to 
stop the matter at its source, I hastened to the basement to tell the landlady; and 
was assured by her that the trouble would quickly be set right. 

"Doctair Munoz," she cried as she rushed upstairs ahead of me, "he have speel 
hees chemicals. He ees too seeck for doctair heemself-seecker and seecker all the 
time-but he weel not have no othair for help. He ees vairy queer in hees 
seeckness-all day he take funnee-smelling baths, and he cannot get excite or 
warm. All hees own housework he do-hees leetle room are full of bottles and 
machines, and he do not work as doctair. But he was great once-my fathair in 
Barcelona have hear of heem-and only joost now he feex a arm of the plumber 
that get hurt of sudden. He nevair go out, only on roof, and my boy Esteban he 
breeng heem hees food and laundry and mediceens and chemicals. My Gawd, 
the sal-ammoniac that man use for keep heem cool!" 

Mrs. Herrero disappeared up the staircase to the fourth floor, and I returned to 
my room. The ammonia ceased to drip, and as I cleaned up what had spilled and 
opened the window for air, I heard the landlady's heavy footsteps above me. Dr. 
Munoz I had never heard, save for certain sounds as of some gasoline- driven 
mechanism; since his step was soft and gentle. I wondered for a moment what 
the strange affliction of this man might be, and whether his obstinate refusal of 
outside aid were not the result of a rather baseless eccentricity. There is, I 
reflected tritely, an infinite deal of pathos in the state of an eminent person who 
has come down in the world. 

I might never have known Dr. Munoz had it not been for the heart attack that 
suddenly seized me one forenoon as I sat writing in my room. Physicians had 
told me of the danger of those spells, and I knew there was no time to be lost; so 
remembering what the landlady had said about the invalid's help of the injured 
workman, I dragged myself upstairs and knocked feebly at the door above mine. 
My knock was answered in good English by a curious voice some distance to the 
right, asking my name and business; and these things being stated, there came an 
opening of the door next to the one I had sought. 

A rush of cool air greeted me; and though the day was one of the hottest of late 
June, I shivered as I crossed the threshold into a large apartment whose rich and 
tasteful decoration surprised me in this nest of squalor and seediness. A folding 
couch now filled its diurnal role of sofa, and the mahogany furniture, sumptuous 
hangings, old paintings, and mellow bookshelves all bespoke a gentleman's 
study rather than a boarding-house bedroom. I now saw that the hall room 
above mine-the "leetle room" of bottles and machines which Mrs. Herrero had 



108 



mentioned-was merely the laboratory of the doctor; and that his main living 
quarters lay in the spacious adjoining room whose convenient alcoves and large 
contiguous bathroom permitted him to hide all dressers and obtrusively 
utilitarian devices. Dr. Munoz, most certainly, was a man of birth, cultivation, 
and discrimination. 

The figure before me was short but exquisitely proportioned, and clad in 
somewhat formal dress of perfect cut and fit. A high-bred face of masterful 
though not arrogant expression was adorned by a short iron-grey full beard, and 
an old-fashioned pince-nez shielded the full, dark eyes and surmounted an 
aquiline nose which gave a Moorish touch to a physiognomy otherwise 
dominantly Celtiberian. Thick, well-trimmed hair that argued the punctual calls 
of a barber was parted gracefully above a high forehead; and the whole picture 
was one of striking intelligence and superior blood and breeding. 

Nevertheless, as I saw Dr. Munoz in that blast of cool air, I felt a repugnance 
which nothing in his aspect could justify. Only his lividly inclined complexion 
and coldness of touch could have afforded a physical basis for this feeling, and 
even these things should have been excusable considering the man's known 
invalidism. It might, too, have been the singular cold that alienated me; for such 
chilliness was abnormal on so hot a day, and the abnormal always excites 
aversion, distrust, and fear. 

But repugnance was soon forgotten in admiration, for the strange physician's 
extreme skill at once became manifest despite the ice-coldness and shakiness of 
his bloodless-looking hands. He clearly understood my needs at a glance, and 
ministered to them with a master's deftness; the while reassuring me in a finely 
modulated though oddly hollow and timbreless voice that he was the bitterest of 
sworn enemies to death, and had sunk his fortune and lost all his friends in a 
lifetime of bizarre experiment devoted to its bafflement and extirpation. 
Something of the benevolent fanatic seemed to reside in him, and he rambled on 
almost garrulously as he sounded my chest and mixed a suitable draught of 
drugs fetched from the smaller laboratory room. Evidently he found the society 
of a well-born man a rare novelty in this dingy environment, and was moved to 
unaccustomed speech as memories of better days surged over him. 

His voice, if queer, was at least soothing; and I could not even perceive that he 
breathed as the fluent sentences rolled urbanely out. He sought to distract my 
mind from my own seizure by speaking of his theories and experiments; and I 
remember his tactfully consoling me about my weak heart by insisting that will 
and consciousness are stronger than organic life itself, so that if a bodily frame be 
but originally healthy and carefully preserved, it may through a scientific 
enhancement of these qualities retain a kind of nervous animation despite the 



109 



most serious impairments, defects, or even absences in the battery of specific 
organs. He might, he half jestingly said, some day teach me to live-or at least to 
possess some kind of conscious existence-without any heart at all! For his part, 
he was afflicted with a complication of maladies requiring a very exact regimen 
which included constant cold. Any marked rise in temperature might, if 
prolonged, affect him fatally; and the frigidity of his habitation-some 55 or 56 
degrees Fahrenheit- was maintained by an absorption system of ammonia 
cooling, the gasoline engine of whose pumps I had often heard in my own room 
below. 

Relieved of my seizure in a marvellously short while, I left the shivery place a 
disciple and devotee of the gifted recluse. After that I paid him frequent 
overcoated calls; listening while he told of secret researches and almost ghastly 
results, and trembling a bit when I examined the unconventional and 
astonishingly ancient volumes on his shelves. I was eventually, I may add, 
almost cured of my disease for all time by his skillful ministrations. It seems that 
he did not scorn the incantations of the mediaevalists, since he believed these 
cryptic formulae to contain rare psychological stimuli which might conceivably 
have singular effects on the substance of a nervous system from which organic 
pulsations had fled. I was touched by his account of the aged Dr. Torres of 
Valencia, who had shared his earlier experiments and nursed him through the 
great illness of eighteen years before, whence his present disorders proceeded. 
No sooner had the venerable practitioner saved his colleague than he himself 
succumbed to the grim enemy he had fought. Perhaps the strain had been too 
great; for Dr. Munoz made it whisperingly clear- though not in detail-that the 
methods of healing had been most extraordinary, involving scenes and processes 
not welcomed by elderly and conservative Galens. 

As the weeks passed, I observed with regret that my new friend was indeed 
slowly but unmistakably losing ground physically, as Mrs. Herrero had 
suggested. The livid aspect of his countenance was intensified, his voice became 
more hollow and indistinct, his muscular motions were less perfectly 
coordinated, and his mind and will displayed less resilience and initiative. Of 
this sad change he seemed by no means unaware, and little by little his 
expression and conversation both took on a gruesome irony which restored in 
me something of the subtle repulsion I had originally felt. 

He developed strange caprices, acquiring a fondness for exotic spices and 
Egyptian incense till his room smelled like a vault of a sepulchred Pharaoh in the 
Valley of Kings. At the same time his demands for cold air increased, and with 
my aid he amplified the ammonia piping of his room and modified the pumps 
and feed of his refrigerating machine till he could keep the temperature as low as 
34 degrees or 40 degrees, and finally even 28 degrees; the bathroom and 



110 



laboratory, of course, being less chilled, in order that water might not freeze, and 
that chemical processes might not be impeded. The tenant adjoining him 
complained of the icy air from around the connecting door, so I helped him fit 
heavy hangings to obviate the difficulty. A kind of growing horror, of outre and 
morbid cast, seemed to possess him. He talked of death incessantly, but laughed 
hollowly when such things as burial or funeral arrangements were gently 
suggested. 

All in all, he became a disconcerting and even gruesome companion; yet in my 
gratitude for his healing I could not well abandon him to the strangers around 
him, and was careful to dust his room and attend to his needs each day, muffled 
in a heavy ulster which I bought especially for the purpose. I likewise did much 
of his shopping, and gasped in bafflement at some of the chemicals he ordered 
from druggists and laboratory supply houses. 

An increasing and unexplained atmosphere of panic seemed to rise around his 
apartment. The whole house, as I have said, had a musty odour; but the smell in 
his room was worse-and in spite of all the spices and incense, and the pungent 
chemicals of the now incessant baths which he insisted on taking unaided. I 
perceived that it must be connected with his ailment, and shuddered when I 
reflected on what that ailment might be. Mrs. Herrero crossed herself when she 
looked at him, and gave him up unreservedly to me; not even letting her son 
Esteban continue to run errands for him. When I suggested other physicians, the 
sufferer would fly into as much of a rage as he seemed to dare to entertain. He 
evidently feared the physical effect of violent emotion, yet his will and driving 
force waxed rather than waned, and he refused to be confined to his bed. The 
lassitude of his earlier ill days gave place to a return of his fiery purpose, so that 
he seemed about to hurl defiance at the death-daemon even as that ancient 
enemy seized him. The pretence of eating, always curiously like a formality with 
him, he virtually abandoned; and mental power alone appeared to keep him 
from total collapse. 

He acquired a habit of writing long documents of some sort, which he carefully 
sealed and filled with injunctions that I transmit them after his death to certain 
persons whom he named-for the most part lettered East Indians, but including a 
once celebrated French physician now generally thought dead, and about whom 
the most inconceivable things had been whispered. As it happened, I burned all 
these papers undelivered and unopened. His aspect and voice became utterly 
frightful, and his presence almost unbearable. One September day an unexpected 
glimpse of him induced an epileptic fit in a man who had come to repair his 
electric desk lamp; a fit for which he prescribed effectively whilst keeping 
himself well out of sight. That man, oddly enough, had been through the terrors 
of the Great War without having incurred any fright so thorough. 



Ill 



Then, in the middle of October, the horror of horrors came with stupefying 
suddenness. One night about eleven the pump of the refrigerating machine 
broke down, so that within three hours the process of ammonia cooling became 
impossible. Dr. Munoz summoned me by thumping on the floor, and I worked 
desperately to repair the injury while my host cursed in a tone whose lifeless, 
rattling hollowness surpassed description. My amateur efforts, however, proved 
of no use; and when I had brought in a mechanic from a neighbouring all-night 
garage, we learned that nothing could be done till morning, when a new piston 
would have to be obtained. The moribund hermit's rage and fear, swelling to 
grotesque proportions, seemed likely to shatter what remained of his failing 
physique, and once a spasm caused him to clap his hands to his eyes and rush 
into the bathroom. He groped his way out with face tightly bandaged, and I 
never saw his eyes again. 

The frigidity of the apartment was now sensibly diminishing, and at about 5 a.m. 
the doctor retired to the bathroom, commanding me to keep him supplied with 
all the ice I could obtain at all-night drug stores and cafeterias. As I would return 
from my sometimes discouraging trips and lay my spoils before the closed 
bathroom door, I could hear a restless splashing within, and a thick voice 
croaking out the order for "More-more!" At length a warm day broke, and the 
shops opened one by one. I asked Esteban either to help with the ice-fetching 
whilst I obtained the pump piston, or to order the piston while I continued with 
the ice; but instructed by his mother, he absolutely refused. 

Finally I hired a seedy-looking loafer whom I encountered on the corner of 
Eighth Avenue to keep the patient supplied with ice from a little shop where I 
introduced him, and applied myself diligently to the task of finding a pump 
piston and engaging workmen competent to install it. The task seemed 
interminable, and I raged almost as violently as the hermit when I saw the hours 
slipping by in a breathless, foodless round of vain telephoning, and a hectic quest 
from place to place, hither and thither by subway and surface car. About noon I 
encountered a suitable supply house far downtown, and at approximately 1:30 
p.m. arrived at my boarding-place with the necessary paraphernalia and two 
sturdy and intelligent mechanics. I had done all I could, and hoped I was in time. 

Black terror, however, had preceded me. The house was in utter turmoil, and 
above the chatter of awed voices I heard a man praying in a deep basso. Fiendish 
things were in the air, and lodgers told over the beads of their rosaries as they 
caught the odour from beneath the doctor's closed door. The lounger I had hired, 
it seems, had fled screaming and mad-eyed not long after his second delivery of 
ice; perhaps as a result of excessive curiosity. He could not, of course, have 
locked the door behind him; yet it was now fastened, presumably from the 
inside. There was no sound within save a nameless sort of slow, thick dripping. 



112 



Briefly consulting with Mrs. Herrero and the workmen despite a fear that 
gnawed my inmost soul, I advised the breaking down of the door; but the 
landlady found a way to turn the key from the outside with some wire device. 
We had previously opened the doors of all the other rooms on that hall, and 
flung all the windows to the very top. Now, noses protected by handkerchiefs, 
we tremblingly invaded the accursed south room which blazed with the warm 
sun of early afternoon. 

A kind of dark, slimy trail led from the open bathroom door to the hall door, and 
thence to the desk, where a terrible little pool had accumulated. Something was 
scrawled there in pencil in an awful, blind hand on a piece of paper hideously 
smeared as though by the very claws that traced the hurried last words. Then the 
trail led to the couch and ended unutterably. 

What was, or had been, on the couch I cannot and dare not say here. But this is 
what I shiveringly puzzled out on the stickily smeared paper before I drew a 
match and burned it to a crisp; what I puzzled out in terror as the landlady and 
two mechanics rushed frantically from that hellish place to babble their 
incoherent stories at the nearest police station. The nauseous words seemed well- 
nigh incredible in that yellow sunlight, with the clatter of cars and motor trucks 
ascending clamorously from crowded Fourteenth Street, yet I confess that I 
believed them then. Whether I believe them now I honestly do not know. There 
are things about which it is better not to speculate, and all that I can say is that I 
hate the smell of ammonia, and grow faint at a draught of unusually cool air. 

"The end," ran that noisome scrawl, "is here. No more ice-the man looked and 
ran away. Warmer every minute, and the tissues can't last. I fancy you know- 
what I said about the will and the nerves and the preserved body after the organs 
ceased to work. It was good theory, but couldn't keep up indefinitely. There was 
a gradual deterioration I had not foreseen. Dr. Torres knew, but the shock killed 
him. He couldn't stand what he had to do-he had to get me in a strange, dark 
place when he minded my letter and nursed me back. And the organs never 
would work again. It had to be done my way-preservation-for you see I died 
that time eighteen years ago." 



113 



Dagon 

Written July 1917 

Published November 1919 in The Vagrant, No. 11, 23-29. 

I am writing this under an appreciable mental strain, since by tonight I shall be 
no more. Penniless, and at the end of my supply of the drug which alone, makes 
life endurable, I can bear the torture no longer; and shall cast myself from this 
garret window into the squalid street below. Do not think from my slavery to 
morphine that I am a weakling or a degenerate. When you have read these 
hastily scrawled pages you may guess, though never fully realise, why it is that I 
must have forgetfulness or death. 

It was in one of the most open and least frequented parts of the broad Pacific that 
the packet of which I was supercargo fell a victim to the German sea-raider. The 
great war was then at its very beginning, and the ocean forces of the Hun had not 
completely sunk to their later degradation; so that our vessel was made a 
legitimate prize, whilst we of her crew were treated with all the fairness and 
consideration due us as naval prisoners. So liberal, indeed, was the discipline of 
our captors, that five days after we were taken I managed to escape alone in a 
small boat with water and provisions for a good length of time. 

When I finally found myself adrift and free, I had but little idea of my 
surroundings. Never a competent navigator, I could only guess vaguely by the 
sun and stars that I was somewhat south of the equator. Of the longitude I knew 
nothing, and no island or coastline was in sight. The weather kept fair, and for 
uncounted days I drifted aimlessly beneath the scorching sun; waiting either for 
some passing ship, or to be cast on the shores of some habitable land. But neither 
ship nor land appeared, and I began to despair in my solitude upon the heaving 
vastness of unbroken blue. 

The change happened whilst I slept. Its details I shall never know; for my 
slumber, though troubled and dream-infested, was continuous. When at last I 
awakened, it was to discover myself half sucked into a slimy expanse of hellish 
black mire which extended about me in monotonous undulations as far as I 
could see, and in which my boat lay grounded some distance away. 

Though one might well imagine that my first sensation would be of wonder at so 
prodigious and unexpected a transformation of scenery, I was in reality more 
horrified than astonished; for there was in the air and in the rotting soil a sinister 
quality which chilled me to the very core. The region was putrid with the 



114 



carcasses of decaying fish, and of other less describable things which I saw 
protruding from the nasty mud of the unending plain. Perhaps I should not hope 
to convey in mere words the unutterable hideousness that can dwell in absolute 
silence and barren immensity. There was nothing within hearing, and nothing in 
sight save a vast reach of black slime; yet the very completeness of the stillness 
and the homogeneity of the landscape oppressed me with a nauseating fear. 

The sun was blazing down from a sky which seemed to me almost black in its 
cloudless cruelty; as though reflecting the inky marsh beneath my feet. As I 
crawled into the stranded boat I realised that only one theory could explain my 
position. Through some unprecedented volcanic upheaval, a portion of the ocean 
floor must have been thrown to the surface, exposing regions which for 
innumerable millions of years had lain hidden under unfathomable watery 
depths. So great was the extent of the new land which had risen beneath me, that 
I could not detect the faintest noise of the surging ocean, strain my ears as I 
might. Nor were there any sea-fowl to prey upon the dead things. 

For several hours I sat thinking or brooding in the boat, which lay upon its side 
and afforded a slight shade as the sun moved across the heavens. As the day 
progressed, the ground lost some of its stickiness, and seemed likely to dry 
sufficiently for travelling purposes in a short time. That night I slept but little, 
and the next day I made for myself a pack containing food and water, 
preparatory to an overland journey in search of the vanished sea and possible 
rescue. 

On the third morning I found the soil dry enough to walk upon with ease. The 
odour of the fish was maddening; but I was too much concerned with graver 
things to mind so slight an evil, and set out boldly for an unknown goal. All day 
I forged steadily westward, guided by a far-away hummock which rose higher 
than any other elevation on the rolling desert. That night I encamped, and on the 
following day still travelled toward the hummock, though that object seemed 
scarcely nearer than when I had first espied it. By the fourth evening I attained 
the base of the mound, which turned out to be much higher than it had appeared 
from a distance, an intervening valley setting it out in sharper relief from the 
general surface. Too weary to ascend, I slept in the shadow of the hill. 

I know not why my dreams were so wild that night; but ere the waning and 
fantastically gibbous moon had risen far above the eastern plain, I was awake in 
a cold perspiration, determined to sleep no more. Such visions as I had 
experienced were too much for me to endure again. And in the glow of the moon 
I saw how unwise I had been to travel by day. Without the glare of the parching 
sun, my journey would have cost me less energy; indeed, I now felt quite able to 



115 



perform the ascent which had deterred me at sunset. Picking up my pack, I 
started for the crest of the eminence. 

I have said that the unbroken monotony of the rolHng plain was a source of 
vague horror to me; but I think my horror was greater when I gained the summit 
of the mound and looked down the other side into an immeasurable pit or 
canyon, whose black recesses the moon had not yet soared high enough to 
illumine. I felt myself on the edge of the world, peering over the rim into a 
fathomless chaos of eternal night. Through my terror ran curious reminiscences 
of Paradise Lost, and Satan's hideous climb through the unfashioned realms of 
darkness. 

As the moon climbed higher in the sky, I began to see that the slopes of the valley 
were not quite so perpendicular as I had imagined. Ledges and outcroppings of 
rock afforded fairly easy footholds for a descent, whilst after a drop of a few 
hundred feet, the declivity became very gradual. Urged on by an impulse which 
I cannot definitely analyse, I scrambled with difficulty down the rocks and stood 
on the gentler slope beneath, gazing into the Stygian deeps where no light had 
yet penetrated. 

All at once my attention was captured by a vast and singular object on the 
opposite slope, which rose steeply about a hundred yards ahead of me; an object 
that gleamed whitely in the newly bestowed rays of the ascending moon. That it 
was merely a gigantic piece of stone, I soon assured myself; but I was conscious 
of a distinct impression that its contour and position were not altogether the 
work of Nature. A closer scrutiny filled me with sensations I cannot express; for 
despite its enormous magnitude, and its position in an abyss which had yawned 
at the bottom of the sea since the world was young, I perceived beyond a doubt 
that the strange object was a well-shaped monolith whose massive bulk had 
known the workmanship and perhaps the worship of living and thinking 
creatures. 

Dazed and frightened, yet not without a certain thrill of the scientist's or 
archaeologist's delight, I examined my surroundings more closely. The moon, 
now near the zenith, shone weirdly and vividly above the towering steeps that 
hemmed in the chasm, and revealed the fact that a far-flung body of water 
flowed at the bottom, winding out of sight in both directions, and almost lapping 
my feet as I stood on the slope. Across the chasm, the wavelets washed the base 
of the Cyclopean monolith, on whose surface I could now trace both inscriptions 
and crude sculptures. The writing was in a system of hieroglyphics unknown to 
me, and unlike anything I had ever seen in books, consisting for the most part of 
conventionalised aquatic symbols such as fishes, eels, octopi, crustaceans, 
molluscs, whales and the like. Several characters obviously represented marine 



116 



things which are unknown to the modern world, but whose decomposing forms 
I had observed on the ocean-risen plain. 

It was the pictorial carving, however, that did most to hold me spellbound. 
Plainly visible across the intervening water on account of their enormous size 
was an array of bas-reliefs whose subjects would have excited the envy of a Dore. 
I think that these things were supposed to depict men — at least, a certain sort of 
men; though the creatures were shown disporting like fishes in the waters of 
some marine grotto, or paying homage at some monolithic shrine which 
appeared to be under the waves as well. Of their faces and forms I dare not speak 
in detail, for the mere remembrance makes me grow faint. Grotesque beyond the 
imagination of a Poe or a Bulwer, they were damnably human in general outline 
despite webbed hands and feet, shockingly wide and flabby lips, glassy, bulging 
eyes, and other features less pleasant to recall. Curiously enough, they seemed to 
have been chiselled badly out of proportion with their scenic background; for 
one of the creatures was shown in the act of killing a whale represented as but 
little larger than himself. I remarked, as I say, their grotesqueness and strange 
size; but in a moment decided that they were merely the imaginary gods of some 
primitive fishing or seafaring tribe; some tribe whose last descendant had 
perished eras before the first ancestor of the Piltdown or Neanderthal Man was 
born. Awestruck at this unexpected glimpse into a past beyond the conception of 
the most daring anthropologist, I stood musing whilst the moon cast queer 
reflections on the silent channel before me. 

Then suddenly I saw it. With only a slight churning to mark its rise to the 
surface, the thing slid into view above the dark waters. Vast, Polyphemus-like, 
and loathsome, it darted like a stupendous monster of nightmares to the 
monolith, about which it flung its gigantic scaly arms, the while it bowed its 
hideous head and gave vent to certain measured sounds. I think I went mad 
then. 

Of my frantic ascent of the slope and cliff, and of my delirious journey back to 
the stranded boat, I remember little. I believe I sang a great deal, and laughed 
oddly when I was unable to sing. I have indistinct recollections of a great storm 
some time after I reached the boat; at any rate, I knew that I heard peals of 
thunder and other tones which Nature utters only in her wildest moods. 

When I came out of the shadows I was in a San Francisco hospital; brought 
thither by the captain of the American ship which had picked up my boat in mid- 
ocean. In my delirium I had said much, but found that my words had been given 
scant attention. Of any land upheaval in the Pacific, my rescuers knew nothing; 
nor did I deem it necessary to insist upon a thing which I knew they could not 
believe. Once I sought out a celebrated ethnologist, and amused him with 



117 



peculiar questions regarding the ancient Philistine legend of Dagon, the Fish- 
God; but soon perceiving that he was hopelessly conventional, I did not press my 
inquiries. 

It is at night, especially when the moon is gibbous and waning, that I see the 
thing. I tried morphine; but the drug has given only transient surcease, and has 
drawn me into its clutches as a hopeless slave. So now I am to end it all, having 
written a full account for the information or the contemptuous amusement of my 
fellow-men. Often I ask myself if it could not all have been a pure phantasm — a 
mere freak of fever as I lay sun-stricken and raving in the open boat after my 
escape from the German man-of-war. This I ask myself, but ever does there come 
before me a hideously vivid vision in reply. I cannot think of the deep sea 
without shuddering at the nameless things that may at this very moment be 
crawling and floundering on its slimy bed, worshipping their ancient stone idols 
and carving their own detestable likenesses on submarine obelisks of water- 
soaked granite. I dream of a day when they may rise above the billows to drag 
down in their reeking talons the remnants of puny, war-exhausted mankind — 
of a day when the land shall sink, and the dark ocean floor shall ascend amidst 
universal pandemonium. 

The end is near. I hear a noise at the door, as of some immense slippery body 
lumbering against it. It shall not find me. God, that hand! The window! The 
window! 



118 



Dreams in the Witch-House 

Written Jan-28 Feb 1932 

Published July 1933 in Weird Tales, Vol. 22, No. 1, 86-111. 

Whether the dreams brought on the fever or the fever brought on the dreams 
Walter Gilman did not know. Behind everything crouched the brooding, 
festering horror of the ancient town, and of the mouldy, unhallowed garret gable 
where he wrote and studied and wrestled with figures and formulae when he 
was not tossing on the meagre iron bed. His ears were growing sensitive to a 
preternatural and intolerable degree, and he had long ago stopped the cheap 
mantel clock whose ticking had come to seem like a thunder of artillery. At night 
the subtle stirring of the black city outside, the sinister scurrying of rats in the 
wormy partitions, and the creaking of hidden timbers in the centuried house, 
were enough to give him a sense of strident pandemonium. The darkness always 
teemed with unexplained sound - and yet he sometimes shook with fear lest the 
noises he heard should subside and allow him to hear certain other fainter noises 
which he suspected were lurking behind them. 

He was in the changeless, legend-haunted city of Arkham, with its clustering 
gambrel roofs that sway and sag over attics where witches hid from the King's 
men in the dark, olden years of the Province. Nor was any spot in that city more 
steeped in macabre memory than the gable room which harboured him - for it 
was this house and this room which had likewise harboured old Keziah Mason, 
whose flight from Salem Gaol at the last no one was ever able to explain. That 
was in 1692 - the gaoler had gone mad and babbled of a small white-fanged furry 
thing which scuttled out of Keziah's cell, and not even Cotton Mather could 
explain the curves and angles smeared on the grey stone walls with some red, 
sticky fluid. 

Possibly Gilman ought not to have studied so hard. Non-Euclidean calculus and 
quantum physics are enough to stretch any brain, and when one mixes them 
with folklore, and tries to trace a strange background of multi-dimensional 
reality behind the ghoulish hints of the Gothic tales and the wild whispers of the 
chimney-corner, one can hardly expect to be wholly free from mental tension. 
Gilman came from Haverhill, but it was only after he had entered college in 
Arkham that he began to connect his mathematics with the fantastic legends of 
elder magic. Something in the air of the hoary town worked obscurely on his 
imagination. The professors at Miskatonic had urged him to slacken up, and had 
voluntarily cut down his course at several points. Moreover, they had stopped 
him from consulting the dubious old books on forbidden secrets that were kept 



119 



under lock and key in a vault at the university library. But all these precautions 
came late in the day, so that Gilman had some terrible hints from the dreaded 
Necronomicon of Abdul Alhazred, the fragmentary Book of Eibon, and the 
suppressed Unaussprechlicken Kulten of von Junzt to correlate with his abstract 
formulae on the properties of space and the linkage of dimensions known and 
unknown. 

He knew his room was in the old Witch-House - that, indeed, was why he had 
taken it. There was much in the Essex County records about Keziah Mason's 
trial, and what she had admitted under pressure to the Court of Oyer and 
Terminer had fascinated Gilman beyond all reason. She had told Judge Hathorne 
of lines and curves that could be made to point out directions leading through 
the walls of space to other spaces beyond, and had implied that such lines and 
curves were frequently used at certain midnight meetings in the dark valley of 
the white stone beyond Meadow Hill and on the unpeopled island in the river. 
She had spoken also of the Black Man, of her oath, and of her new secret name of 
Nahab. Then she had drawn those devices on the walls of her cell and vanished. 

Gilman believed strange things about Keziah, and had felt a queer thrill on 
learning that her dwelling was still standing after more than two hundred and 
thirty-five years. When he heard the hushed Arkham whispers about Keziah's 
persistent presence in the old house and the narrow streets, about the irregular 
human tooth-marks left on certain sleepers in that and other houses, about the 
childish cries heard near May-Eve, and Hallowmass, about the stench often 
noted in the old house's attic just after those dreaded seasons, and about the 
small, furry, sharp-toothed thing which haunted the mouldering structure and 
the town and nuzzled people curiously in the black hours before dawn, he 
resolved to live in the place at any cost. A room was easy to secure, for the house 
was unpopular, hard to rent, and long given over to cheap lodgings. Gilman 
could not have told what he expected to find there, but he knew he wanted to be 
in the building where some circumstance had more or less suddenly given a 
mediocre old woman of the Seventeenth Century an insight into mathematical 
depths perhaps beyond the utmost modern delvings of Planck, Heisenberg, 
Einstein, and de Sitter. 

He studied the timber and plaster walls for traces of cryptic designs at every 
accessible spot where the paper had peeled, and within a week managed to get 
the eastern attic room where Keziah was held to have practised her spells. It had 
been vacant from the first - for no one had ever been willing to stay there long - 
but the Polish landlord had grown wary about renting it. Yet nothing whatever 
happened to Gilman till about the time of the fever. No ghostly Keziah flitted 
through the sombre halls and chambers, no small furry thing crept into his 
dismal eyrie to nuzzle him, and no record of the witch's incantations rewarded 



120 



his constant search. Sometimes he would take walks through shadowy tangles of 
unpaved musty-smelling lanes where eldritch brown houses of unknown age 
leaned and tottered and leered mockingly through narrow, small-paned 
windows. Here he knew strange things had happened once, and there was a 
faint suggestion behind the surface that everything of that monstrous past might 
not - at least in the darkest, narrowest, and most intricately crooked alleys - have 
utterly perished. He also rowed out twice to the ill-regarded island in the river, 
and made a sketch of the singular angles described by the moss-grown rows of 
grey standing stones whose origin was so obscure and immemorial. 

Gilman's room was of good size but queerly irregular shape; the north wall 
slating perceptibly inward from the outer to the inner end, while the low ceiling 
slanted gently downward in the same direction. Aside from an obvious rat-hole 
and the signs of other stopped-up ones, there was no access - nor any appearance 
of a former avenue of access - to the space which must have existed between the 
slanting wall and the straight outer wall on the house's north side, though a view 
from the exterior showed where a window had heen boarded up at a very 
remote date. The loft above the ceiling - which must have had a slanting floor - 
was likewise inaccessible. When Gilman climbed up a ladder to the cob-webbed 
level loft above the rest of the attic he found vestiges of a bygone aperture tightly 
and heavily covered with ancient planking and secured by the stout wooden 
pegs common in Colonial carpentry. No amount of persuasion, however, could 
induce the stolid landlord to let him investigate either of these two closed spaces. 

As time wore along, his absorption in the irregular wall and ceiling of his room 
increased; for he began to read into the odd angles a mathematical significance 
which seemed to offer vague clues regarding their purpose. Old Keziah, he 
reflected, might have had excellent reasons for living in a room with peculiar 
angles; for was it not through certain angles that she claimed to have gone 
outside the boundaries of the world of space we know? His interest gradually 
veered away from the unplumbed voids beyond the slanting surfaces, since it 
now appeared that the purpose of those surfaces concerned the side he was on. 

The touch of brain-fever and the dreams began early in February. For some time, 
apparently, the curious angles of Gilman's room had been having a strange, 
almost hypnotic effect on him; and as the bleak winter advanced he had found 
himself staring more and more intently at the corner where the down- slanting 
ceiling met the inward-slanting wall. About this period his inability to 
concentrate on his formal studies worried him considerably, his apprehensions 
about the mid-year examinations being very acute. But the exaggerated sense of 
bearing was scarcely less annoying. Life had become an insistent and almost 
unendurable cacophony, and there was that constant, terrifying impression of 
other sounds - perhaps from regions beyond life - trembling on the very brink of 



121 



audibility. So far as concrete noises went, the rats in the ancient partitions were 
the worst. Sometimes their scratching seemed not only furtive but deliberate. 
When it came from beyond the slanting north wall it was mixed with a sort of 
dry rattling; and when it came from the century-closed loft above the slanting 
ceiling Gilman always braced himself as if expecting some horror which only 
bided its time before descending to engulf him utterly. 

The dreams were wholly beyond the pale of sanity, and Gilman fell that they 
must be a result, jointly, of his studies in mathematics and in folklore. He had 
been thinking too much about the vague regions which his formulae told him 
must lie beyond the three dimensions we know, and about the possibility that 
old Keziah Mason - guided by some influence past all conjecture - had actually 
found the gate to those regions. The yellowed country records containing her 
testimony and that of her accusers were so damnably suggestive of things 
beyond human experience - and the descriptions of the darting little furry object 
which served as her familiar were so painfully realistic despite their incredible 
details. 

That object - no larger than a good-sized rat and quaintly called by the 
townspeople "Brown Jenkins - seemed to have been the fruit of a remarkable 
case of sympathetic herd-delusion, for in 1692 no less than eleven persons had 
testified to glimpsing it. There were recent rumours, too, with a baffling and 
disconcerting amount of agreement. Witnesses said it had long hair and the 
shape of a rat, but that its sharp-toothed, bearded face was evilly human while its 
paws were like tiny human hands. It took messages betwixt old Keziah and the 
devil, and was nursed on the witch's blood, which it sucked like a vampire. Its 
voice was a kind of loathsome titter, and it could speak all languages. Of all the 
bizarre monstrosities in Oilman's dreams, nothing filled him with greater panic 
and nausea than this blasphemous and diminutive hybrid, whose image flitted 
across his vision in a form a thousandfold more hateful than anything his waking 
mind had deduced from the ancient records and the modern whispers. 

Oilman's dreams consisted largely in plunges through limitless abysses of 
inexplicably coloured twilight and baffingly disordered sound; abysses whose 
material and gravitational properties, and whose relation to his own entity, he 
could not even begin to explain. He did not walk or climb, fly or swim, crawl or 
wriggle; yet always experienced a mode of motion partly voluntary and partly 
involuntary. Of his own condition he could not well judge, for sight of his arms, 
legs, and torso seemed always cut off by some odd disarrangement of 
perspective; but he felt that his physical organization and faculties were 
somehow marvellously transmuted and obliquely projected - though not without 
a certain grotesque relationship to his normal proportions and properties. 



122 



The abysses were by no means vacant, being crowded with indescribably angled 
masses of alien-hued substance, some of which appeared to be organic while 
others seemed inorganic. A few of the organic objects tended to awake vague 
memories in the back of his mind, though he could form no conscious idea of 
what they mockingly resembled or suggested. In the later dreams he began to 
distinguish separate categories into which the organic objects appeared to be 
divided, and which seemed to involve in each case a radically different species of 
conduct-pattern and basic motivation. Of these categories one seemed to him to 
include objects slightly less illogical and irrelevant in their motions than the 
members of the other categories. 

All the objects - organic and inorganic alike - were totally beyond description or 
even comprehension. Gilman sometimes compared the inorganic matter to 
prisms, labyrinths, clusters of cubes and planes, and Cyclopean buildings; and 
the organic things struck him variously as groups of bubbles, octopi, centipedes, 
living Hindoo idols, and intricate arabesques roused into a kind of ophidian 
animation. Everything he saw was unspeakably menacing and horrible; and 
whenever one of the organic entities appeared by its motions to be noticing him, 
he felt a stark, hideous fright which generally jolted him awake. Of how the 
organic entities moved, he could tell no more than of how he moved himself. In 
time he observed a further mystery - the tendency of certain entities to appear 
suddenly out of empty space, or to disappear totally with equal suddenness. The 
shrieking, roaring confusion of sound which permeated the abysses was past all 
analysis as to pitch, timbre or rhythm; but seemed to be synchronous with vague 
visual changes in all the indefinite objects, organic and inorganic alike. Gilman 
had a constant sense of dread that it might rise to some unbearable degree of 
intensity during one or another of its obscure, relentlessly inevitable fluctuations. 

But it was not in these vortices of complete alienage that he saw Brown Jenkin. 
That shocking little horror was reserved for certain lighter, sharper dreams 
which assailed him just before he dropped into the fullest depths of sleep. He 
would be lying in the dark fighting to keep awake when a faint lambent glow 
would seem to shimmer around the centuried room, showing in a violet mist the 
convergence of angled planes which had seized his brain so insidiously. The 
horror would appear to pop out of the rat-hole in the corner and patter toward 
him over the sagging, wide-planked floor with evil expectancy in its tiny, 
bearded human face; but mercifully, this dream always melted away before the 
object got close enough to nuzzle him. It had hellishly long, sharp, canine teeth; 
Gilman tried to stop up the rat-hole every day, but each night the real tenants of 
the partitions would gnaw away the obstruction, whatever it might be. Once he 
had the landlord nail a tin over it, but the next night the rats gnawed a fresh hole, 
in making which they pushed or dragged out into the room a curious little 
fragment of bone. 



123 



Gilman did not report his fever to the doctor, for he knew he could not pass the 
examinations if ordered to the college infirmary when every moment was 
needed for cramming. As it was, he failed in Calculus D and Advanced General 
Psychology, though not without hope of making up lost ground before the end 
of the term. 

It was in March when the fresh element entered his lighter preliminary 
dreaming, and the nightmare shape of Brown Jenkin began to be companioned 
by the nebulous blur which grew more and more to resemble a bent old woman. 
This addition disturbed him more than he could account for, but finally he 
decided that it was like an ancient crone whom he had twice actually 
encountered in the dark tangle of lanes near the abandoned wharves. On those 
occasions the evil, sardonic, and seemingly unmotivated stare of the beldame 
had set him almost shivering - especially the first time when an overgrown rat 
darting across the shadowed mouth of a neighbouring alley had made him think 
irrationally of Brown Jenkin. Now, he reflected, those nervous fears were being 
mirrored in his disordered dreams. That the influence of the old house was 
unwholesome he could not deny, but traces of his early morbid interest still held 
him there. He argued that the fever alone was responsible for his nightly 
fantasies, and that when the touch abated he would be free from the monstrous 
visions. Those visions, however, were of absorbing vividness and 
convincingness, and whenever he awaked he retained a vague sense of having 
undergone much more than he remembered. He was hideously sure that in 
unrecalled dreams he had talked with both Brown Jenkin and the old woman, 
and that they had been urging him to go somewhere with them and to meet a 
third being of greater potency. 

Toward the end of March he began to pick up in his mathematics, though the 
other studies bothered him increasingly. He was getting an intuitive knack for 
solving Riemannian equations, and astonished Professor Upham by his 
comprehension of fourth-dimensional and other problems which had floored all 
the rest of the class. One afternoon there was a discussion of possible freakish 
curvatures in space, and of theoretical points of approach or even contact 
between our part of the cosmos and various other regions as distant as the 
farthest stars or the transgalactic gulfs themselves - or even as fabulously remote 
as the tentatively conceivable cosmic units beyond the whole Einsteinian space- 
time continuum. Oilman's handling of this theme filled everyone with 
admiration, even though some of his hypothetical illustrations caused an 
increase in the always plentiful gossip about his nervous and solitary 
eccentricity. What made the students shake their heads was his sober theory that 
a man might - given mathematical knowledge admittedly beyond all likelihood 
of human acquirement - step deliberately from the earth to any other celestial 
body which might lie at one of an infinity of specifc points in the cosmic pattern. 



124 



Such a step, he said, would require only two stages; first, a passage out of the 
three-dimensional sphere we know, and second, a passage back to the three- 
dimensional sphere at another point, perhaps one of infinite remoteness. That 
this could be accomplished without loss of life was in many cases conceivable. 
Any being from any part of three-dimensional space could probably survive in 
the fourth dimension; and its survival of the second stage would depend upon 
what alien part of three-dimensional space it might select for its re-entry. 
Denizens of some planets might be able to live on certain others - even planets 
belonging to other galaxies, or to similar dimensional phases of other space-time 
continua - though of course there must be vast numbers of mutually 
uninhabitable even though mathematically juxtaposed bodies or zones of space. 

It was also possible that the inhabitants of a given dimensional realm could 
survive entry to many unknown and incomprehensible realms of additional or 
indefinitely multiplied dimensions - be they within or outside the given space- 
time continuum - and that the converse would be likewise true. This was a 
matter for speculation, though one could be fairly certain that the type of 
mutation involved in a passage from any given dimensional plane to the next 
higher one would not be destructive of biological integrity as we understand it. 
Gilman could not be very clear about his reasons for this last assumption, but his 
haziness here was more than overbalanced by his clearness on other complex 
points. Professor Upham especially liked his demonstration of the kinship of 
higher mathematics to certain phases of magical lore transmitted down the ages 
from an ineffable antiquity - human or pre-human - whose knowledge of the 
cosmos and its laws was greater than ours. 

Around 1 April Gilman worried cosiderably because his slow fever did not 
abate. He was also troubled by what some of his fellow lodgers said about his 
sleep-walking. It seened that he was often absent from his bed and that the 
creaking of his floor at certain hours of the night was remarked by the man in the 
room below. This fellow also spoke of hearing the tread of shod feet in the night; 
but Gilman was sure he must have been mistaken in this, since shoes as well as 
other apparel were always precisely in place in the morning. One could develop 
all sorts of aural delusions in this morbid old house - for did not Gilman himself, 
even in daylight, now feel certain that noises other than rat-scratching came from 
the black voids beyond the slanting wall and above the slanting ceiling? His 
pathologically sensitive ears began to listen for faint footfalls in the 
immemorially sealed loft overhead, and sometimes the illusion of such things 
was agonizingly realistic. 

However, he knew that he had actually become a somnambulist; for twice at 
night his room had been found vacant, though with all his clothing in place. Of 
this he had been assured by Frank Elwood, the one fellow-student whose 



125 



poverty forced him to room in this squahd and unpopular house. Elwood had 
been studying in the small hours and had come up for help on a differential 
equation, only to find Gilman absent. It had been rather presumptuous of him to 
open the unlocked door after knocking had failed to rouse a response, but he had 
needed the help very badly and thought that his host would not mind a gentle 
prodding awake. On neither occasion, though, had Gilman been there; and when 
told of the matter he wondered where he could have been wandering, barefoot 
and with only his night clothes on. He resolved to investigate the matter if 
reports of his sleep-walking continued, and thought of sprinkling flour on the 
floor of the corridor to see where his footsteps might lead. The door was the only 
conceivable egress, for there was no possible foothold outside the narrow 
window. 

As April advanced. Oilman's fever-sharpened ears were disturbed by the 
whining prayers of a superstitious loom-fixer named Joe Mazurewicz who had a 
room on the ground floor. Mazurewicz had told long, rambling stories about the 
ghost of old Keziah and the furry sharp-fanged, nuzzling thing, and had said he 
was so badly haunted at times that only his silver crucifix - given him for the 
purpose by Father Iwanicki of St. Stanislaus' Church - could bring him relief. 
Now he was praying because the Witches' Sabbath was drawing near. May Eve 
was Walpurgis Night, when hell's blackest evil roamed the earth and all the 
slaves of Satan gathered for nameless rites and deeds. It was always a very bad 
lime in Arkham, even though the fine folks up in Miskatonic Avenue and High 
and Saltonstall Streets pretended to know nothing about it. There would be bad 
doings, and a child or two would probably be missing. Joe knew about such 
things, for his grandmother in the old country had heard tales from her 
grandmother. It was wise to pray and count one's beads at this season. For three 
months Keziah and Brown Jenkin had not been near Joe's room, nor near Paul 
Choynski's room, nor anywhere else - and it meant no good when they held off 
like that. They must be up to something. 

Oilman dropped in at the doctor's office on the sixteenth of the month, and was 
surprised to find his temperature was not as high as he had feared. The physician 
questioned him sharply, and advised him to see a nerve specialist. On reflection, 
he was glad he had not consulted the still more inquisitive college doctor. Old 
Waldron, who had curtailed his activities before, would have made him take a 
rest - an impossible thing now that he was so close to great results in his 
equations. He was certainly near the boundary between the known universe and 
the fourth dimension, and who could say how much farther he might go? 

But even as these thoughts came to him he wondered at the source of his strange 
confidence. Did all of this perilous sense of immininence come from the formulae 
on the sheets he covered day by day? The soft, stealthy, imaginary footsteps in 



126 



the sealed loft above were unnerving. And now, too, there was a growing feeling 
that somebody was constantly persuading him to do something terrible which he 
could not do. How about the somnambulism? Where did he go sometimes in the 
night? And what was that faint suggestion of sound which once in a while 
seemed to trickle through the confusion of identifiable sounds even in broad 
daylight and full wakefulness? Its rhythm did not correspond to anything on 
earth, unless perhaps to the cadence of one or two unmentionable Sabbat-chants, 
and sometimes he feared it corresponded to certain attributes of the vague 
shrieking or roaring in those wholly alien abysses of dream. 

The dreams were meanwhile getting to be atrocious. In the lighter preliminary 
phase the evil old woman was now of fiendish distinctness, and Gilman knew 
she was the one who had frightened him in the slums. Her bent back, long nose, 
and shrivelled chin were unmistakable, and her shapeless brown garments were 
like those he remembered. The expression on her face was one of hideous 
malevolence and exultation, and when he awaked he could recall a croaking 
voice that persuaded and threatened. He must meet the Black Man and go with 
them all to the throne of Azathoth at the centre of ultimate chaos. That was what 
she said. He must sign the book of Azathoth in his own blood and take a new 
secret name now that his independent delvings had gone so far. What kept him 
from going with her and Brown Jenkin and the other to the throne of Chaos 
where the thin flutes pipe mindlessly was the fact that he had seen the name 
"Azathoth" in the Necronomicon, and knew it stood for a primal evil too horrible 
for description. 

The old woman always appeared out of thin air near the corner where the 
downward slant met the inward slant. She seemed to crystallize at a point closer 
to the ceiling than to the floor, and every night she was a little nearer and more 
distinct before the dream shifted. Brown Jenkin, too was always a little nearer at 
the last, and its yellowish-white fangs glistened shockingly in that unearthly 
violet phosphorescence. Its shrill loathsome tittering struck more and more into 
Gilman's head, and he could remember in the morning how it had pronounced 
the words "Azathoth" and "Nyarlathotep". 

In the deeper dreams everything was likewise more distinct, and Gilman felt that 
the twilight abysses around him were those of the fourth dimension. Those 
organic entities whose motions seemed least flagrantly irrelevant and 
unmotivated were probably projections of life-forms from our own planet, 
including human beings. What the others were in their own dimensional sphere 
or spheres he dared not try to think. Two of the less irrelevantly moving things - 
a rather large congeries of iridescent, prolately spheroidal bubbles and a very 
much smaller polyhedron of unknown colours and rapidly shifting surface 
angles - seemed to take notice of him and follow him about or float ahead as he 



127 



changed position among the titan prisms, labyrinths, cube-and-plane clusters 
and quasi-buildings; and all the while the vague shrieking and roaring waxed 
louder and louder, as if approaching some monstrous climax of utterly 
unendurable intensity. 

During the night of 19-20 April the new development occurred. Gilman was half 
involuntarily moving about in the twilight abysses with the bubble-mass and the 
small polyhedron floating ahead when he noticed the peculiarly regular angles 
formed by the edges of some gigantic neighbouring prism-clusters. In another 
second he was out of the abyss and standing tremulously on a rocky hillside 
bathed in intense, diffused green light. He was barefooted and in his 
nightclothes. and when he tried to walk discovered that he could scarcely lift his 
feet. A swirling vapour hid everything but the immediate sloping terrain from 
sight, and he shrank from the thought of the sounds, that might surge out of that 
vapour. 

Then he saw the two shapes laboriously crawling toward him - the old woman 
and the little furry thing. The crone strained up to her knees and managed to 
cross her arms in a singular fashion, while Brown Jenkin pointed in a certain 
direction with a horribly anthropoid forepaw which it raised with evident 
difficulty. Spurred by an impulse he did not originate, Gilman dragged himself 
forward along a course determined by the angle of the old woman's arms and 
the direction of the small monstrosity's paw, and before he had shuffled three 
steps he was back in the twilight abysses. Geometrical shapes seethed around 
him, and he fell dizzily and interminably. At last he woke in his bed in the 
crazily angled garret of the eldritch old house. 

He was good for nothing that morning, and stayed away from all his classes. 
Some unknown attraction was pulling his eyes in a seemingly irrelevant 
direction, for he could not help staring at a certain vacant spot on the floor. As 
the day advanced, the focus of his unseeing eyes changed position, and by noon 
he had conquered the impulse to stare at vacancy. About two o'clock he went out 
for lunch and as he threaded the narrow lanes of the city he found himself 
turning always to the southeast. Only an effort halted him at a cafeteria in 
Church Street, and after the meal he felt the unknown pull still more strongly. 

He would have to consult a nerve specialist after all - perhaps there was a 
connection with his somnambulism - but meanwhile he might at least try to 
break the morbid spell himself. Undoubtedly he could still manage to walk away 
from the pull, so with great resolution he headed against it and dragged himself 
deliberately north along Garrison Street. By the time he had reached the bridge 
over the Miskatonic he was in a cold perspiration, and he clutched at the iron 



128 



railing as he gazed upstream at the ill- regarded island whose regular lines of 
ancient standing stones brooded sullenly in the afternoon sunlight. 

Then he gave a start. For there was a clearly visible living figure on that desolate 
island, and a second glance told him it was certainly the strange old woman 
whose sinister aspect had worked itself so disastrously into his dreams. The tall 
grass near her was moving, too, as if some other living thing were crawling close 
to the ground. When the old woman began to turn toward him he fled 
precipitately off the bridge and into the shelter of the town's labyrinthine 
waterfront alleys. Distant though the island was, he felt that a monstrous and 
invincible evil could flow from the sardonic stare of that bent, ancient figure in 
brown. 

The southeastwards pull still held, and only with tremendous resolution could 
Gilman drag himself into the old house and up the rickety stairs. For hours he sat 
silent and aimless, with his eyes shifting gradually westward. About six o'clock 
his sharpened ears caught the whining prayers of Joe Mazurewicz two floors 
below, and in desperation he seized his hat and walked out into the sunset- 
golden streets, letting the now directly southward pull carry him where it might. 
An hour later darkness found him in the open fields beyond Hangman's Brook, 
with the glimmering spring stars shining ahead. The urge to walk was gradually 
changing to an urge to leap mystically into space, and suddenly he realized just 
where the source of the pull lay. 

It was in the sky. A definite point among the stars had a claim on him and was 
calling him. Apparently it was a point somewhere between Hydra and Argo 
Navis, and he knew that he had been urged toward it ever since he had awaked 
soon after dawn. In the morning it had been underfoot, and now it was roughly 
south but stealing toward the west. What was the meaning of this new thing? 
Was he going mad? How long would it last? Again mustering his resolution, 
Gilman turned and dragged himself back to the sinister old house. 

Mazurewicz was waiting for him at the door, and seemed both anxious and 
reluctant to whisper some fresh bit of superstition. It was about the witch-light. 
Joe had been out celebrating the night before - and it was Patriots' Day in 
Massachusetts - and had come home after midnight. Looking up at the house 
from outside, he had thought at first that Oilman's window was dark, but then 
he had seen the faint violet glow within. He wanted to warn the gentleman about 
that glow, for everybody in Arkham knew it was Keziah's witch-light which 
played near Brown Jenkin and the ghost of the old crone herself. He had not 
mentioned this before, but now he must tell about it because it meant that Keziah 
and her long-toothed familiar were haunting the young gentleman. Sometimes 
he and Paul Choynski and Landlord Dombrowski thought they saw that light 



129 



seeping out of cracks in the sealed loft above the young gentleman's room, but 
they had all agreed not to talk about that. However, it would be better for the 
gentleman to take another room and get a crucifix from some good priest like 
Father Iwanicki. 

As the man rambled on, Gilman felt a nameless panic clutch at his throat. He 
knew that Joe must have been half drunk when he came home the night before; 
yet the mention of a violet light in the garret window was of frightful import. It 
was a lambent glow of this sort which always played about the old woman and 
the small furry thing in those lighter, sharper dreams which prefaced his plunge 
into unknown abysses, and the thought that a wakeful second person could see 
the dream-luminance was utterly beyond sane harborage. Yet where had the 
fellow got such an odd notion? Had he himself talked as well as walked around 
the house in his sleep? No, Joe said, he had not - but he must check up on this. 
Perhaps Frank Elwood could tell him something, though he hated to ask. 

Fever - wild dreams - somnambulism - illusions of sounds - a pull toward a point 
in the sky - and now a suspicion of insane sleep-talking! He must stop studying, 
see a nerve specialist, and take himself in hand. When he climbed to the second 
storey he paused at Elwood's door but saw that the other youth was out. 
Reluctantly he continued up to his garret room and sat down in the dark. His 
gaze was still pulled to the southward, but he also found himself listening 
intently for some sound in the closed loft above, and half imagining that an evil 
violet light seeped down through an infinitesimal crack in the low, slanting 
ceiling. 

That night as Gilman slept, the violet light broke upon him with heightened 
intensity, and the old witch and small furry thing, getting closer than ever before, 
mocked him with inhuman squeals and devilish gestures. He was glad to sink 
into the vaguely roaring twilight abysses, though the pursuit of that iridescent 
bubble-congeries and that kaleidoscopic little polyhedron was menacing and 
irritating. Then came the shift as vast converging planes of a slippery-looking 
substance loomed above and below him - a shift which ended in a flash of 
delirium and a blaze of unknown, alien light in which yellow, carmine, and 
indigo were madly and inextricably blended. 

He was half lying on a high, fantastically balustraded terrace above a boundless 
jungle of outlandish, incredible peaks, balanced planes, domes, minarets, 
horizontal disks poised on pinnacles, and numberless forms of still greater 
wildness - some of stone and some of metal - which glittered gorgeously in the 
mixed, almost blistering glare from a poly-chromatic sky. Looking upward he 
saw three stupendous disks of flame, each of a different hue, and at a different 
height above an infinitely distant curving horizon of low mountains. Behind him 



130 



tiers of higher terraces towered aloft as far as he could see. The city below 
stretched away to the limits of vision, and he hoped that no sound would well up 
from it. 

The pavement from which he easily raised himself was a veined polished stone 
beyond his power to identify, and the tiles were cut in bizarre-angled shapes 
which struck himm as less asymmetrical than based on some unearthly 
symmetry whose laws he could not comprehend. The balustrade was chest-high, 
delicate, and fantastically wrought, while along the rail were ranged at short 
intervals little figures of grotesque design and exquisite workmanship. They, like 
the whole balustrade, seemed to be made of some sort of shining metal whose 
colour could not be guessed in the chaos of mixed effulgences, and their nature 
utterly defied conjecture. They represented some ridged barrel-shaped objects 
with thin horizontal arms radiating spoke-like from a central ring and with 
vertical knobs or bulbs projecting from the head and base of the barrel. Each of 
these knobs was the hub of a system of five long, flat, triangularly tapering arms 
arranged around it like the arms of a starfish - nearly horizontal, but curving 
slightly away from the central barrel. The base of the bottom knob was fused to 
the long railing with so delicate a point of contact that several figures had been 
broken off and were missing. The figures were about four and a half inches in 
height, while the spiky arms gave them a maximum diameter of about two and a 
half inches. 

When Gilman stood up, the tiles felt hot to his bare feet. He was wholly alone, 
and his first act was to walk to the balustrade and look dizzily down at the 
endless, Cyclopean city almost two thousand feet below. As he listened he 
thought a rhythmic confusion of faint musical pipings covering a wide tonal 
range welled up from the narrow streets beneath, and he wished he might 
discern the denizens of the place. The sight turned him giddy after a while, so 
that he would have fallen to the pavement had he not clutched instinctively at 
the lustrous balustrade. His right hand fell on one of the projecting figures, the 
touch seeming to steady him slightly. It was too much, however, for the exotic 
delicacy of the metal- work, and the spiky figure snapped off under his grasp. 
Still half dazed, he continued to clutch it as his other hand seized a vacant space 
on the smooth railing. 

But now his over-sensitive ears caught something behind him, and he looked 
back across the level terrace. Approaching him softly though without apparent 
furtiveness were five figures, two of which were the sinister old woman and the 
fanged, furry little animal. The other three were what sent him unconscious; for 
they were living entities about eight feet high, shaped precisely like the spiky 
images on the balustrade, and propelling themselves by a spider-like wriggling 
of their lower set of starfish-arms. 



131 



Gilman awoke in his bed, drenched by a cold perspiration and with a smarting 
sensation in his face, hands and feet. Springing to the floor, he washed and 
dressed in frantic haste, as if it were necessary for him to get out of the house as 
quickly as possible. He did not know where he wished to go, but felt that once 
more he would have to sacrifice his classes. The odd pull toward that spot in the 
sky between Hydra and Argo had abated, but another of even greater strength 
had taken its place. Now he felt that he must go north - infinitely north. He 
dreaded to cross the bridge that gave a view of the desolate island in the 
Miskatonic, so went over the Peabody Avenue bridge. Very often he stumbled, 
for his eyes and ears were chained to an extremely lofty point in the blank blue 
sky. 

After about an hour he got himself under better control, and saw that he was far 
from the city. All around him stretched the bleak emptiness of salt marshes, 
while the narrow road ahead led to Innsmouth - that ancient, half-deserted town 
which Arkham people were so curiously unwilling to visit. Though the 
northward pull had not diminished, he resisted it as he had resisted the other 
pull, and finally found that he could almost balance the one against the other. 
Plodding back to town and getting some coffee at a soda fountain, he dragged 
himself into the public library and browsed aimlessly among the lighter 
magazines. Once he met some friends who remarked how oddly sunburned he 
looked, but he did not tell them of his walk. At three o'clock he took some lunch 
at a restaurant, noting meanwhile that the pull had either lessened or divided 
itself. After that he killed the time at a cheap cinema show, seeing the inane 
performance over and over again without paying any attention to it. 

About nine at night he drifted homeward and shuffled into the ancient house. 
Joe Mazurewicz was whining unintelligible prayers, and Gilman hastened up to 
his own garret chamber without pausing to see if Elwood was in. It was when he 
turned on the feeble electric light that the shock came. At once he saw there was 
something on the table which did not belong there, and a second look left no 
room for doubt. Lying on its side - for it could not stand up alone - was the exotic 
spiky figure which in his monstrous dream he had broken off the fantastic 
balustrade. No detail was missing. The ridged, barrel-shaped center, the thin 
radiating arms, the knobs at each end, and the flat, slightly outward-curving 
starfish-arms spreading from those knobs - all were there. In the electric light the 
colour seemed to be a kind of iridescent grey veined with green; and Gilman 
could see amidst his horror and bewilderment that one of the knobs ended in a 
jagged break, corresponding to its former point of attachment to the dream- 
railing. 

Only his tendency toward a dazed stupor prevented him from screaming aloud. 
This fusion of dream and reality was too much to bear. Still dazed, he clutched at 



132 



the spiky thing and staggered downstairs to Landlord Dombrowski's quarters. 
The whining prayers of the superstitious loom-fixer were still sounding through 
the mouldy halls, but Gilman did not mind them now. The landlord was in, and 
greeted him pleasantly. No, he had not seen that thing before and did not know 
anything about it. But his wife had said she found a funny tin thing in one of the 
beds when she fixed the rooms at noon, and maybe that was it. Dombrowski 
called her, and she waddled in. Yes, that was the thing. She had found it in the 
young gentleman's bed - on the side next the wall. It had looked very queer to 
her, but of course the young gentleman had lots of queer things in his room - 
books and curios and pictures and markings on paper. She certainly knew 
nothing about it. 

So Gilman climbed upstairs again in mental turmoil, convinced that he was 
either still dreaming or that his somnambulism had run to incredible extremes 
and led him to depredations in unknown places. Where had he got this outre 
thing? He did not recall seeing it in any museum in Arkham. It must have been 
somewhere, though; and the sight of it as he snatched it in his sleep must have 
caused the odd dream- picture of the balustraded terrace. Next day he would 
make some very guarded inquiries - and perhaps see the nerve specialist. 

Meanwhile he would try to keep track of his somnambulism. As he went 
upstairs and across the garret hall he sprinkled about some flour which he had 
borrowed - with a frank admission as to its purpose - from the landlord. He had 
stopped at Elwood's door on the way, but had found all dark within. Entering 
his room, he placed the spiky thing on the table, and lay down in complete 
mental and physical exhaustion without pausing to undress. From the closed loft 
above the slating ceiling he thought he heard a faint scratching and padding, but 
he was too disorganized even to mind it. That cryptical pull from the north was 
getting very strong again, though it seemed now to come from a lower place in 
the sky. 

In the dazzling violet light of dream the old woman and the fanged, furry thing 
came again and with a greater distinctness than on any former occasion. This 
time they actually reached him, and he felt the crone's withered claws clutching 
at him. He was pulled out of bed and into empty space, and for a moment he 
heard a rhythmic roaring and saw the twilight amorphousness of the vague 
abysses seething around him. But that moment was very brief, for presently he 
was in a crude, windowless little space with rough beams and planks rising to a 
peak just above his head, and with a curious slanting floor underfoot. Propped 
level on that floor were low cases full of books of every degree of antiquity and 
disintegration, and in the centre were a table and bench, both apparently 
fastened in place. Small objects of unknown shape and nature were ranged on 
the tops of the cases, and in the flaming violet light Gilman thought he saw a 



133 



counterpart of the spiky image which had puzzled him so horribly. On the left 
the floor fell abruptly away, leaving a black triangular gulf out of which, after a 
second's dry rattling, there presently climbed the hateful little furry thing with 
the yellow fangs and bearded human face. 

The evilly-grinning beldame still clutched him, and beyond the table stood a 
figure he had never seen before - a tall, lean man of dead black colouration but 
without the slightest sign of negroid features: wholly devoid of either hair or 
beard, and wearing as his only garment a shapeless robe of some heavy black 
fabric. His feet were indistinguishable because of the table and bench, but he 
must have been shod, since there was a clicking whenever he changed position. 
The man did not speak, and bore no trace of expression on his small, regular 
features. He merely pointed to a book of prodigious size which lay open on the 
table, while the beldame thrust a huge grey quill into Gilman's right hand. Over 
everything was a pall of intensely maddening fear, and the climax was reached 
when the furry thing ran up the dreamer's clothing to his shoulders and then 
down his left arm, finally biting him sharply in the wrist just below his cuff. As 
the blood spurted from this wound Gilman lapsed into a faint. 

He awaked on the morning of the twenty-second with a pain in his left wrist, and 
saw that his cuff was brown with dried blood. His recollections were very 
confused, but the scene with the black man in the unknown space stood out 
vividly. The rats must have bitten him as he slept, giving rise to the climax of that 
frightful dream. Opening the door, he saw that the flour on the corridor floor 
was undisturbed except for the huge prints of the loutish fellow who roomed at 
the other end of the garret. So he had not been sleep-walking this time. But 
something would have to be done about those rats. He would speak to the 
landlord about them. Again he tried to stop up the hole at the base of the slanting 
wall, wedging in a candlestick which seemed of about the right size. His ears 
were ringing horribly, as if with the residual echoes of some horrible noise heard 
in dreams. 

As he bathed and changed clothes he tried to recall what he had dreamed after 
the scene in the violet-litten space, but nothing definite would crystallize in his 
mind. That scene itself must have corresponded to the sealed loft overhead, 
which had begun to attack his imagination so violently, but later impressions 
were faint and hazy. There were suggestions of the vague, twilight abysses, and 
of still vaster, blacker abysses beyond them - abysses in which all fixed 
suggestions were absent. He had been taken there by the bubble- congeries and 
the little polyhedron which always dogged him; but they, like himself, had 
changed to wisps of mist in this farther void of ultimate blackness. Something 
else had gone on ahead - a larger wisp which now and then condensed into 
nameless approximations of form - and he thought that their progress had not 



134 



been in a straight line, but rather along the alien curves and spirals of some 
ethereal vortex which obeyed laws unknown to the physics and mathematics of 
any conceivable cosmos. Eventually there had been a hint of vast, leaping 
shadows, of a monstrous, half-acoustic pulsing, and of the thin, monotonous 
piping of an unseen flute - but that was all. Gilman decided he had picked up 
that last conception from what he had read in the Necronomicon about the 
mindless entity Azathoth, which rules all time and space from a black throne at 
the centre of Chaos. 

When the blood was washed away the wrist wound proved very slight, and 
Gilman puzzled over the location of the two tiny punctures. It occurred to him 
that there was no blood on the bedspread where he had lain - which was very 
curious in view of the amount on his skin and cuff. Had he been sleep-walking 
within his room, and had the rat bitten him as he sat in some chair or paused in 
some less rational position? He looked in every corner for brownish drops or 
stains, but did not find any. He had better, he thought, spinkle flour within the 
room as well as outside the door - though after all no further proof of his sleep- 
walking was needed. He knew he did walk and the thing to do now was to stop 
it. He must ask Frank Elwood for help. This morning the strange pulls from 
space seemed lessened, though they were replaced by another sensation even 
more inexplicable. It was a vague, insistent impulse to fly away from his present 
situation, but held not a hint of the specific direction in which he wished to fly. 
As he picked up the strange spiky image on the table he thought the older 
northward pull grew a trifle stronger; but even so, it was wholly overruled by 
the newer and more bewildering urge. 

He took the spiky image down to Elwood's room, steeling himself against the 
whines of the loom-fixer which welled up from the ground floor. Elwood was in, 
thank heaven, and appeared to be stirring about. There was time for a little 
conversation before leaving for breakfast and college, so Gilman hurriedly 
poured forth an account of his recent dreams and fears. His host was very 
sympathetic, and agreed that something ought to be done. He was shocked by 
his guest's drawn, haggard aspect, and noticed the queer, abnormal-looking 
sunburn which others had remarked during the past week. 

There was not much, though, that he could say. He had not seen Gilman on any 
sleep-walking expedition, and had no idea what the curious image could be. He 
had, though, heard the French-Canadian who lodged just under Gilman talking 
to Mazurewicz one evening. They were telling each other how badly they 
dreaded the coming of Walpurgis Night, now only a few days off; and were 
exchanging pitying comments about the poor, doomed young gentleman. 
Desrochers, the fellow under Gilman's room, had spoken of nocturnal footsteps 
shod and unshod, and of the violet light he saw one night when he had stolen 



135 



fearfully up to peer through Gilman's keyhole. He had not dared to peer, he told 
Mazurewicz, after he had glimpsed that light through the cracks around the 
door. There had been soft talking, too - and as he began to describe it his voice 
had sunk to an inaudible whisper. 

Elwood could not imagine what had set these superstitious creatures gossiping, 
but supposed their imaginations had been roused by Gilman's late hours and 
somnolent walking and talking on the one hand, and by the nearness of 
traditionally-feared May Eve on the other hand. That Oilman talked in his sleep 
was plain, and it was obviously from Desrochers' keyhole listenings that the 
delusive notion of the violet dream-light had got abroad. These simple people 
were quick to imagine they had seen any odd thing they had heard about. As for 
a plan of action - Gilman had better move down to Elwood's room and avoid 
sleeping alone. Elwood would, if awake, rouse him whenever he began to talk or 
rise in his sleep. Very soon, too, he must see the specialist. Meanwhile they 
would take the spiky image around to the various museums and to certain 
professors; seeking identification and slating that it had been found in a public 
rubbish-can. Also, Dombrowski must attend to the poisoning of those rats in the 
walls. 

Braced up by Elwood's companionship, Gilman attended classes that day. 
Strange urges still tugged at him, but he could sidetrack them with considerable 
success. During a free period he showed the queer image to several professors, 
all of whom were intensely interested, though none of them could shed any light 
upon its nature or origin. That night he slept on a couch which Elwood had had 
the landlord bring to the second-storey room, and for the first time in weeks was 
wholly free from disquieting dreams. But the feverishness still hung on, and the 
whines of the loom-fixer were an unnerving influence. 

During the next few days Gilman enjoyed an almost perfect immunity from 
morbid manifestations. He had, Elwood said, showed no tendency to talk or rise 
in his sleep; and meanwhile the landlord was putting rat-poison everywhere. 
The only disturbing element was the talk among the superstitious foreigners, 
whose imaginations had become highly excited. Mazurewicz was always trying 
to make him get a crucifix, and finally forced one upon him which he said had 
been blessed by the good Father Iwanicki. Desrochers, too, had something to say; 
in fact, he insisted that cautious steps had sounded in the now vacant room 
above him on the first and second nights of Gilinan's absence from it. Paul 
Choynski thought he heard sounds in the halls and on the stairs at night, and 
claimed that his door had been softly tried, while Mrs. Dombrowski vowed she 
had seen Brown Jenkin for the first time since All-Hallows. But such naive 
reports could mean very little, and Gilman let the cheap metal crucifix hang idly 
from a knob on his host's dresser. 



136 



For three days Gilman and Elwood canvassed the local museums in an effort to 
identify the strange spiky image, but always without success. In every quarter, 
however, interest was intense; for the utter alienage of the thing was a 
tremendous challenge to scientific curiosity. One of the small radiating arms was 
broken off and subjected to chemical analysis. Professor Ellery found platinum, 
iron and tellurium in the strange alloy; but mixed with these were at least three 
other apparent elements of high atomic weight which chemistry was absolutely 
powerless to classify. Not only did they fail to correspond with any known 
element, but they did not even fit the vacant places reserved for probable 
elements in the periodic system. The mystery remains unsolved to this day, 
though the image is on exhibition at the museum of Miskatonic University. 

On the morning of April twenty-seventh a fresh rat-bole appeared in the room 
where Gilman was a guest, but Dombrowski tinned it up during the day. The 
poison was not having much effect, for scratchings and scurryings in the walls 
were virtually undiminished. 

Elwood was out late that night, and Gilman waited up for him. He did not wish 
to go to sleep in a room alone - especially since he thought he had glimpsed in 
the evening twilight the repellent old woman whose image had become so 
horribly transferred to his dreams. He wondered who she was, and what had 
been near her rattling the tin can in a rubbish-heap at the mouth of a squalid 
courtyard. The crone had seemed to notice him and leer evilly at him - though 
perhaps this was merely his imagination. 

The next day both youths felt very tired, and knew they would sleep like logs 
when night came. In the evening they drowsily discussed the mathematical 
studies which had so completely and perhaps harmfully engrossed Gilman, and 
speculated about the linkage with ancient magic and folklore which seemed so 
darkly probable. They spoke of old Keziah Mason, and Elwood agreed that 
Gilman had good scientific grounds for thinking she might have stumbled on 
strange and significant information. The hidden cults to which these witches 
belonged often guarded and handed down surprising secrets from elder, 
forgotten eons; and it was by no means impossible that Keziah had actually 
mastered the art of passing through dimensional gates. Tradition emphasizes the 
uselessness of material barriers in halting a witch's notions, and who can say 
what underlies the old tales of broomstick rides through the night? 

Whether a modern student could ever gain similar powers from mathematical 
research alone, was still to be seen. Suceess, Gilman added, might lead to 
dangerous and unthinkable situations, for who could foretell the conditions 
pervading an adjacent but normally inaccessible dimension? On the other hand, 
the picturesque possibilities were enormous. Time could not exist in certain belts 



137 



of space, and by entering and remaining in such a belt one might preserve one's 
hfe and age indefinitely; never suffering organic metabolism or deterioration 
except for slight amounts incurred during visits to one's own or similar planes. 
One might, for example, pass into a timeless dimension and emerge at some 
remote period of the earth's history as young as before. 

Whether anybody had ever managed to do this, one could hardly conjecture with 
any degree of authority. Old legends are hazy and ambiguous, and in historic 
times all attempts at crossing forbidden gaps seem complicated by strange and 
terrible alliances with beings and messengers from outside. There was the 
immemorial figure of the deputy or messenger of hidden and terrible powers - 
the "Black Man" of the witch-cult, and the "Nyarlathotep" of the Necronomicon. 
There was, too, the baffling problem of the lesser messengers or intermediaries - 
the quasi-animals and queer hybrids which legend depicts as witches' familiars. 
As Oilman and Elwood retired, too sleepy to argue further, they heard Joe 
Mazurewicz reel into the house half drunk, and shuddered at the desperate 
wildness of his whining prayers. 

That night Oilman saw the violet light again. In his dream he had heard a 
scratching and gnawing in the partitions, and thought that someone fumbled 
clumsily at the latch. Then he saw the old woman and the small furry thing 
advancing toward him over the carpeted floor. The beldame's face was alight 
with inhuman exultation, and the little yellow-toothed morbidity tittered 
mockingly as it pointed at the heavily- sleeping form of Elwood on the other 
couch across the room. A paralysis of fear stifled all attempts to cry out. As once 
before, the hideous crone seized Oilman by the shoulders, yanking him out of 
bed and into empty space. Again the infinitude of the shrieking abysses flashed 
past him, but in another second he thought he was in a dark, muddy, unknown 
alley of foetid odors with the rotting walls of ancient houses towering up on 
every hand. 

Ahead was the robed black man he had seen in the peaked space in the other 
dream, while from a lesser distance the old woman was beckoning and 
grimacing imperiously. Brown Jenkin was rubbing itself with a kind of 
affectionate playfulness around the ankles of the black man, which the deep mud 
largely concealed. There was a dark open doorway on the right, to which the 
black man silently pointed. Into this the grinning crone started, dragging Oilman 
after her by his pajama sleeves. There were evil-smelling staircases which 
creaked ominously, and on which the old woman seemed to radiate a faint violet 
light; and finally a door leading off a landing. The crone fumbled with the latch 
and pushed the door open, motioning to Oilman to wait, and disappearing inside 
the black aperture. 



138 



The youth's over-sensitive ears caught a hideous strangled cry, and presently the 
beldame came out of the room bearing a small, senseless form which she thrust 
at the dreamer as if ordering him to carry it. The sight of this form, and the 
expression on its face, broke the spell. Still too dazed to cry out, he plunged 
recklessly down the noisome staircase and into the mud outside, halting only 
when seized and choked by the waiting black man. As consciousness departed 
he heard the faint, shrill tittering of the fanged, rat-like abnormality. 

On the morning of the twenty-ninth Gilman awaked into a maelstrom of horror. 
The instant he opened his eyes he knew something was terribly wrong, for he 
was back in his old garret room with the slanting wall and ceiling, sprawled on 
the now unmade bed. His throat was aching inexplicably, and as he struggled to 
a sitting posture he saw with growing fright that his feet and pajama bottoms 
were brown with caked mud. For the moment his recollections were hopelessly 
hazy, but he knew at least that he must have been sleep-walking. Elwood had 
been lost too deeply in slumber to hear and stop him. On the floor were confused 
muddy prints, but oddly enough they did not extend all the way to the door. The 
more Gilman looked at them, the more peculiar they seemed; for in addition to 
those he could recognize as his there were some smaller, almost round markings 
- such as the legs of a large chair or a table might make, except that most of them 
tended to be divided into halves. There were also some curious muddy rat-tracks 
leading out of a fresh hole and back into it again. Utter bewilderment and the 
fear of madness racked Gilman as he staggered to the door and saw that there 
were no muddy prints outside. The more he remembered of his hideous dream 
the more terrified he felt, and it added to his desperation to hear Joe Mazurewicz 
chanting mournfully two floors below. 

Descending to Elwood's room he roused his still-sleeping host and began telling 
of how he had found himself, but Elwood could form no idea of what might 
really have happened. Where Gilman could have been, how he got back to his 
room without making tracks in the hall, and how the muddy, furniture-like 
prints came to be mixed with his in the garret chamber, were wholly beyond 
conjecture. Then there were those dark, livid marks on his throat, as if he had 
tried to strangle himself. He put his hands up to them, but found that they did 
not even approximately fit. While they were talking, Desrochers dropped in to 
say that he had heard a terrific clattering overhead in the dark small hours. No, 
there had been no one on the stairs after midnight, though just before midnight 
he had heard faint footfalls in the garret, and cautiously descending steps he did 
not like. It was, he added, a very bad time of year for Arkham. The young 
gentleman had better be sure to wear the circifix Joe Mazurewicz had given him. 
Even the daytime was not safe, for after dawn there had been strange sounds in 
the house - especially a thin, childish wail hastily choked off. 



139 



Gilman mechanically attended classes that morning, but was wholly unable to fix 
his mind on his studies. A mood of hideous apprehension and expectancy had 
seized him, and he seemed to be awaiting the fall of some annihilating blow. At 
noon he lunched at the University spa, picking up a paper from the next seat as 
he waited for dessert. But he never ate that dessert; for an item on the paper's 
first page left him limp, wild-eyed, and able only to pay his check and stagger 
back to Elwood's room. 

There had been a strange kidnapping the night before in Orne's Gangway, and 
the two-year-old child of a clod-like laundry worker named Anastasia Wolejko 
had completely vanished from sight. The mother, it appeared, had feared the 
event for some time; but the reasons she assigned for her fear were so grotesque 
that no one took them seriously. She had, she said, seen Brown Jenkin about the 
place now and then ever since early in March, and knew from its grimaces and 
titterings that little Ladislas must be marked for sacrifice at the awful Sabbat on 
Walpurgis Night. She had asked her neighbour Mary Czanek to sleep in the 
room and try to protect the child, but Mary had not dared. She could not tell the 
police, for they never believed such things. Children had been taken that way 
every year ever since she could remember. And her friend Pete Stowacki would 
not help because he wanted the child out of the way. 

But what threw Gilman into a cold perspiration was the report of a pair of 
revellers who had been walking past the mouth of the gangway just after 
midnight. They admitted they had been drunk, but both vowed they had seen a 
crazily dressed trio furtively entering the dark passageway. There had, they said, 
been a huge robed negro, a little old woman in rags, and a young white man in 
his night-clothes. The old woman had been dragging the youth, while around the 
feet of the negro a tame rat was rubbing and weaving in the brown mud. 

Gilman sat in a daze all the afternoon, and Elwood - who had meanwhile seen 
the papers and formed terrible conjectures from them - found him thus when he 
came home. This time neither could doubt but that something hideously serious 
was closing in around them. Between the phantasms of nightmare and the 
realities of the objective world a monstrous and unthinkable relationship was 
crystallizing, and only stupendous vigilance could avert still more direful 
developments. Gilman must see a specialist sooner or later, but not just now, 
when all the papers were full of this kidnapping business. 

Just what had really happened was maddeningly obscure, and for a moment 
both Gilman and Elwood exchanged whispered theories of the wildest kind. Had 
Gilman unconsciously succeeded better than he knew in his studies of space and 
its dimensions? Had he actually slipped outside our sphere to points unguessed 
and unimaginable? Where - if anywhere - had he been on those nights of 



140 



demoniac alienage? The roaring twilight abysses - the green hillside - the 
blistering terrace - the pulls from the stars - the ultimate black vortex - the black 
man - the muddy alley and the stairs - the old witch and the fanged, furry horror 

- the bubble-congeries and the little polyhedron - the strange sunburn - the wrist- 
wound - the unexplained image - the muddy feet - the throat marks - the tales 
and fears of the superstitious foreigners - what did all this mean? To what extent 
could the laws of sanity apply to such a case? 

There was no sleep for either of them that night, but next day they both cut 
classes and drowsed. This was April thirtieth, and with the dusk would come the 
hellish Sabbat-time which all the foreigners and the superstitious old folk feared. 
Mazurewicz came home at six o'clock and said people at the mill were 
whispering that the Walpurgis revels would be held in the dark ravine beyond 
Meadow Hill where the old white stone stands in a place queerly devoid of all 
plant-life. Some of them had even told the police and advised them to look there 
for the missing Wolejko child, but they did not believe anything would be done. 
Joe insisted that the poor young gentleman wear his nickel-chained crucifix, and 
Gilman put it on and dropped it inside his shirt to humour the fellow. 

Late at night the two youths sat drowsing in their chairs, lulled by the praying of 
the loom-fixer on the floor below. Gilman listened as he nodded, his 
preternaturally sharpened hearing seeming to strain for some subtle, dreaded 
murmur beyond the noises in the ancient house. Unwholesome recollections of 
things in the Necronomicon and the Black Book welled up, and he found himself 
swaying to infandous rhythms said to pertain to the blackest ceremonies of the 
Sabbat and to have an origin outside the time and space we comprehend. 

Presently he realized what he was listening for - the hellish chant of the 
celebrants in the distant black valley. How did he know so much about what 
they expected? How did he know the time when Nahab and her acolyte were 
due to bear the brimming bowl which would follow the black cock and the black 
goat? He saw that Elwood had dropped asleep, and tried to call out and waken 
him. Something, however, closed his throat. He was not his own master. Had he 
signed the black man's book after all? 

Then his fevered, abnormal hearing caught the distant, windborne notes. Over 
miles of hill and field and alley they came, but he recognized them none the less. 
The fires must be lit, and the dancers must be starting in. How could he keep 
himself from going? What was it that had enmeshed him? Mathematics - folklore 

- the house - old Keziah - Brown Jenkin . . . and now he saw that there was a fresh 
rat-hole in the wall near his couch. Above the distant chanting and the nearer 
praying of Joe Mazurewicz came another sound - a stealthy, determined 
scratching in the partitions. He hoped the electric lights would not go out. Then 



141 



he saw the fanged, bearded Httle face in the rat-hole - the accursed httle face 
which he at last realized bore such a shocking, mocking resemblance to old 
Keziah's - and heard the faint fumbling at the door. 

The screaming twilight abysses flashed before him, and he felt himself helpless 
in the formless grasp of the iridescent bubble-congeries. Ahead raced the small, 
kaleidoscopic polyhedron and all through the churning void there was a 
heightening and acceleration of the vague tonal pattern which seemed to 
foreshadow some unutterable and unendurable climax. He seemed to know 
what was coming - the monstrous burst of Walpurgis-rhythm in whose cosmic 
timbre would be concentrated all the primal, ultimate space-time seethings 
which lie behind the massed spheres of matter and sometimes break forth in 
measured reverberations that penetrate faintly to every layer of entity and give 
hideous significance throughout the worlds to certain dreaded periods. 

But all this vanished in a second. He was again in the cramped, violet-litten 
peaked space with the slanting floor, the low cases of ancient books, the bench 
and table, the queer objects, and the triangular gulf at one side. On the table lay a 
small white figure - an infant boy, unclothed and unconscious - while on the 
other side stood the monstrous, leering old woman with a gleaming, grotesque- 
hafted knife in her right hand, and a queerly proportioned pale metal bowl 
covered with curiously chased designs and having delicate lateral handles in her 
left. She was intoning some croaking ritual in a language which Gilman could 
not understand, but which seemed like something guardedly quoted in the 
Necronomicon. 

As the scene grew clearer he saw the ancient crone bend forward and extend the 
empty bowl across the table - and unable to control his own emotions, he 
reached far forward and took it in both hands, noticing as he did so its 
comparative lightness. At the same moment the disgusting form of Brown Jenkin 
scrambled up over the brink of the triangular black gulf on his left. The crone 
now motioned him to hold the bowl in a certain position while she raised the 
huge, grotesque knife above the small white victim as high as her right hand 
could reach. The fanged, furry thing began tittering a continuation of the 
unknown ritual, while the witch croaked loathsome responses. Gilman felt a 
gnawing poignant abhorrence shoot through his mental and emotional paralysis, 
and the light metal bowl shook in his grasp. A second later the downward 
motion of the knife broke the spell conpletely, and he dropped the bowl with a 
resounding bell-like clangour while his hands darted out frantically to stop the 
monstrous deed. 

In an instant he had edged up the slanting floor around the end of the table and 
wrenched the knife from the old woman's claws; sending it clattering over the 



142 



brink of the narrow triangular gulf. In another instant, however, matters were 
reversed; for those murderous claws had locked themselves tightly around his 
own throat, while the wrinkled face was twisted with insane fury. He felt the 
chain of the cheap crucifix grinding into his neck, and in his peril wondered how 
the sight of the object itself would affect the evil creature. Her strength was 
altogether superhuman, but as she continued her choking he reached feebly in 
his shirt and drew out the metal symbol, snapping the chain and pulling it free. 

At sight of the device the witch seemed struck with panic, and her grip relaxed 
long enough to give Gilman a chance to break it entirely. He pulled the steel-like 
claws from his neck, and would have dragged the beldame over the edge of the 
gulf had not the claws received a fresh access of strength and closed in again. 
This time he resolved to reply in kind, and his own hands reached out for the 
creature's throat. Before she saw what he was doing he had the chain of the 
crucifix twisted about her neck, and a moment later he had tightened it enough 
to cut off her breath. During her last struggle he felt something bite at his ankle, 
and saw that Brown Jenkin had come to her aid. With one savage kick he sent the 
morbidity over the edge of the gulf and heard it whimper on some level far 
below. 

Whether he had killed the ancient crone he did not know, but he let her rest on 
the floor where she had fallen. Then, as he turned away, he saw on the table a 
sight which nearly snapped the last thread of his reason. Brown Jenkin, tough of 
sinew and with four tiny hands of demoniac dexterity, had been busy while the 
witch was throttling him, and his efforts had been in vain. What he had 
prevented the knife from doing to the victim's chest, the yellow fangs of the furry 
blasphemy had done to a wrist - and the bowl so lately on the floor stood full 
beside the small lifeless body. 

In his dream-delirium Gilman heard the hellish alien-rhythmed chant of the 
Sabbat coming from an infinite distance, and knew the black man must be there. 
Confused memories mixed themselves with his mathematics, and he believed his 
subconscious mind held the angles which he needed to guide him back to the 
normal world alone and unaided for the first time. He felt sure he was in the 
immemorially sealed loft above his own room, but whether he could ever escape 
through the slanting floor or the long-stooped egress he doubted greatly. 
Besides, would not an escape from a dream-loft bring him merely into a dream- 
house - an abnormal projection of the actual place he sought? He was wholly 
bewildered as to the relation betwixt dream and reality in all his experiences. 

The passage through the vague abysses would be frightful, for the Walpurgis- 
rhythm would be vibrating, and at last he would have to hear that hitherto- 
veiled cosmic pulsing which he so mortally dreaded. Even now he could detect a 



143 



low, monstrous shaking whose tempo he suspected all too well. At Sabbat-time it 
always mounted and reached through to the worlds to summon the initiate to 
nameless rites. Half the chants of the Sabbat were patterned on this faintly 
overheard pulsing which no earthly ear could endure in its unveiled spatial 
fulness. Gilman wondered, too, whether he could trust his instincts to take him 
back to the right part of space. How could he be sure he would not land on that 
green-litten hillside of a far planet, on the tessellated terrace above the city of 
tentacled monsters somewhere beyond the galaxy or in the spiral black vortices 
of that ultimate void of Chaos where reigns the mindless demon-sultan 
Azathoth? 

Just before he made the plunge the violet light went out and left him in utter 
blackness. The witch - old Keziah - Nahab - that must have meant her death. And 
mixed with the distant chant of the Sabbat and the whimpers of Brown Jenkin in 
the gulf below he thought he heard another and wilder whine from unknown 
depths. Joe Mazurewicz - the prayers against the Crawling Chaos now turning to 
an inexplicably triumphant shriek - worlds of sardonic actuality impinging on 
vortices of febrile dream - la! Shub-Niggurath! The Goat with a Thousand 
Young... 

They found Gilman on the floor of his queerly-angled old garret room long 
before dawn, for the terrible cry had brought Desrochers and Choynski and 
Dombrowski and Mazurewicz at once, and had even wakened the soundly 
sleeping Elwood in his chair. He was alive, and with open, staring eyes, but 
seemed largely unconscious. On his throat were the marks of murderous hands, 
and on his left ankle was a distressing rat-bite. His clothing was badly rumpled 
and Joe's crucifix was missing, Elwood trembled, afraid even to speculate what 
new form his friend's sleep-walking had taken. Mazurewicz seemed half dazed 
because of a "sign" he said he had had in response to his prayers, and he crossed 
himself frantically when the squealing and whimpering of a rat sounded from 
beyond the slanting partition. 

When the dreamer was settled on his couch in Elwood's room they sent for 
Doctor Malkowski - a local practitioner who would repeat no tales where they 
might prove embarrassing - and he gave Gilman two hypodermic injections 
which caused him to relax in something like natural drowsiness. During the day 
the patient regained consciousness at times and whispered his newest dream 
disjointedly to Elwood. It was a painful process, and at its very start brought out 
a fresh and disconcerting fact. 

Gilman - whose ears had so lately possessed an abnormal sensitiveness - was 
now stone-deaf. Doctor Malkowski, summoned again in haste, told Elwood that 
both ear-drums were ruptured, as if by the impact of some stupendous sound 



144 



intense beyond all human conception or endurance. How such a sound could 
have been heard in the last few hours without arousing all the Miskatonic Valley 
was more than the honest physician could say. 

Elwood wrote his part of the colloquy on paper, so that a fairly easy 
communication was maintained. Neither knew what to make of the whole 
chaotic business, and decided it would be better if they thought as little as 
possible about it. Both, though, agreed that they must leave this ancient and 
accursed house as soon as it could be arranged. Evening papers spoke of a police 
raid on some curious revellers in a ravine beyond Meadow Hill just before dawn, 
and mentioned that the white stone there was an object of age- long superstitious 
regard. Nobody had been caught, but among the scattering fugitives had been 
glimpsed a huge negro. In another column it was stated that no trace of the 
missing child Ladislas Wolejko had been found. 

The crowning horror came that very night. Elwood will never forget it, and was 
forced to stay out of college the rest of the term because of the resulting nervous 
breakdown. He had thought he heard rats in the partition all the evening, but 
paid little attention to them. Then, long after both he and Gilman had retired, the 
atrocious shrieking began. Elwood jumped up, turned on the lights and rushed 
over to his guest's couch. The occupant was emitting sounds of veritably 
inhuman nature, as if racked by some torment beyond description. He was 
writhing under the bedclothes, and a great stain was beginning to appear on the 
blankets. 

Elwood scarcely dared to touch him, but gradually the screaming and writhing 
subsided. By this time Dombrowski, Choynski, Desrochers, Mazurewicz, and the 
top-floor lodger were all crowding into the doorway, and the landlord had sent 
his wife back to telephone for Doctor Malkowaki. Everybody shrieked when a 
large rat-like form suddenly jumped out from beneath the ensanguined 
bedclothes and scuttled across the floor to a fresh, open hole close by. When the 
doctor arrived and began to pull down those frightful covers Walter Gilman was 
dead. 

It would be barbarous to do more than suggest what had killed Gilman. There 
had been virtually a tunnel through his body - something had eaten his heart out. 
Dombrowski, frantic at the failure of his rat- poisoning efforts, cast aside all 
thought of his lease and within a week had moved with all his older lodgers to a 
dingy but less ancient house in Walnut Street. The worst thing for a while was 
keeping Joe Mazurewicz quiet; for the brooding loom-fixer would never stay 
sober, and was constantly whining and muttering about spectral and terrible 
things. 



145 



It seems that on that last hideous night Joe had stooped to look at the crimson 
rat-tracks which led from Gilman's couch to the near-by hole. On the carpet they 
were very indistinct, but a piece of open flooring intervened between the carpet's 
edge and the baseboard. There Mazurewicz had found something monstrous - or 
thought he had, for no one else could quite agree with him despite the 
undeniable queerness of the prints. The tracks on the flooring were certainly 
vastly unlike the average prints of a rat but even Choynski and Desrochers 
would not admit that they were like the prints of four tiny human hands. 

The house was never rented again. As soon as Dombrowski left it the pall of its 
final desolation began to descend, for people shunned it both on account of its 
old reputation and because of the new foetid odour. Perhaps the ex-landlord's 
rat-poison had worked after all, for not long after his departure the place became 
a neighbourhood nuisance. Health officials traced the smell to the closed spaces 
above and beside the eastern garret room, and agreed that the number of dead 
rats must be enormous. They decided, however, that it was not worth their while 
to hew open and disinfect the long-sealed spaces; for the foetor would soon be 
over, and the locality was not one which encouraged fastidious standards. 
Indeed, there were always vague local tales of unexplained stenches upstairs in 
the Witch-House just after May-Eve and Hallowmass. The neighbours 
acquiesced in the inertia - but the foetor none the less formed an additional count 
against the place. Toward the last the house was condemned as a habitation by 
the building inspector. 

Gilman's dreams and their attendant circumstances have never been explained. 
Elwood, whose thoughts on the entire episode are sometimes almost maddening, 
came back to college the next autumn and was graduated in the following June. 
He found the spectral gossip of the town much disminished, and it is indeed a 
fact that - notwithstanding certain reports of a ghostly tittering in the deserted 
house which lasted almost as long as that edifice itself - no fresh appearances 
either of Old Keziah or of Brown Jenkin have been muttered of since Gilman's 
death. It is rather fortunate that Elwood was not in Arkham in that later year 
when certain events abruptly renewed the local whispers about elder horrors. Of 
course he heard about the matter afterward and suffered untold torments of 
black and bewildered speculation; but even that was not as bad as actual 
nearness and several possible sights would have been. 

In March, 1931, a gale wrecked the roof and great chimney of the vacant Witch- 
House, so that a chaos of crumbling bricks, blackened, moss-grown shingles, and 
rotting planks and timbers crashed down into the loft and broke through the 
floor beneath. The whole attic storey was choked with debris from above, but no 
one took the trouble to touch the mess before the inevitable razing of the decrepit 
structure. That ultimate step came in the following December, and it was when 



146 



Gilman's old room was cleared out by reluctant, apprehensive workmen that the 
gossip began. 

Among the rubbish which had crashed through the ancient slanting ceiling were 
several things which made the workmen pause and call in the police. Later the 
police in turn called in the coroner and several professors from the university. 
There were bones - badly crushed and splintered, but clearly recognizable as 
human - whose manifestly modern date conflicted puzzlingly with the remote 
period at which their only possible lurking place, the low, slant-floored loft 
overhead, had supposedly been sealed from all human access. The coroner's 
physician decided that some belonged to a small child, while certain others - 
found mixed with shreds of rotten brownish cloth - belonged to a rather 
undersized, bent female of advanced years. Careful sifting of debris also 
disclosed many tiny bones of rats caught in the collapse, as well as older rat- 
bones gnawed by small fangs in a fashion now and then highly productive of 
controversy and reflection. 

Other objects found included the mangled fragments of many books and papers, 
together with a yellowish dust left from the total disintegration of still older 
books and papers. All, without exception, appeared to deal with black magic in 
its most advanced and horrible forms; and the evidently recent date of certain 
items is still a mystery as unsolved as that of the modern human bones. An even 
greater mystery is the absolute homogeneity of the crabbed, archaic writing 
found on a wide range of papers whose conditions and watermarks suggest age 
differences of at least one hundred and fifty to two hundred years. To some, 
though, the greatest mystery of all is the variety of utterly inexplicable objects - 
objects whose shapes, materials, types of workmanship, and purposes baffle all 
conjecture - found scattered amidst the wreckage in evidently diverse states of 
injury. One of these things - which excited several Miskatonie professors 
profoundly is a badly damaged monstrosity plainly resembling the strange 
image which Oilman gave to the college museum, save that it is large, wrought 
of some peculiar bluish stone instead of metal, and possessed of a singularly 
angled pedestal with undecipherable hieroglyphics. 

Archaeologists and anthropologists are still trying to explain the bizarre designs 
chased on a crushed bowl of light metal whose inner side bore ominous 
brownish stains when found. Foreigners and credulous grandmothers are 
equally garrulous about the modern nickel crucifix with broken chain mixed in 
the rubbish and shiveringly identified by Joe Maturewicz as that which he had 
given poor Oilman many years before. Some believe this crucifix was dragged up 
to the sealed loft by rats, while others think it must have been on the floor in 
some corner of Oilman's old room at the time. Still others, including Joe himself, 
have theories too wild and fantastic for sober credence. 



147 



When the slanting wall of Gilman's room was torn out, the once-sealed 
triangular space between that partition and the house's north wall was found to 
contain much less structural debris, even in proportion to its size, than the room 
itself, though it had a ghastly layer of older materials which paralyzed the 
wreckers with horror. In brief, the floor was a veritable ossuary of the bones of 
small children - some fairly modern, but others extending back in infinite 
gradations to a period so remote that crumbling was almost complete. On this 
deep bony layer rested a knife of great size, obvious antiquity, and grotesque, 
ornate, and exotic design - above which the debris was piled. 

In the midst of this debris, wedged between a fallen plank and a cluster of 
cemented bricks from the ruined chimney, was an object destined to cause more 
bafflement, veiled fright, and openly superstitious talk in Arkham than anything 
else discovered in the haunted and accursed building. 

This object was the partly crushed skeleton of a huge diseased rat, whose 
abnormalities of form are still a topic of debate and source of singular reticence 
among the members of Miskatonic's department of comparative anatomy. Very 
little concerning this skeleton has leaked out, but the workmen who found it 
whisper in shocked tones about the long, brownish hairs with which it was 
associated. 

The bones of the tiny paws, it is rumoured, imply prehensile characteristics more 
typical of a diminutive monkey than of a rat, while the small skull with its 
savage yellow fangs is of the utmost anomalousness, appearing from certain 
angles like a miniature, monstrously degraded parody of a human skull. The 
workmen crossed themselves in fright when they came upon this blasphemy, but 
later burned candles of gratitude in St. Stanislaus' Church because of the shrill, 
ghostly tittering they felt they would never hear again. 



148 



Ex Oblivione 



Written 1920 

Published March 1921 in The United Amateur, Vol. 20, No. 4, p. 59-60. 

When the last days were upon me, and the ugly trifles of existence began to drive 
me to madness like the small drops of water that torturers let fall ceaselessly 
upon one spot of their victims body, I loved the irradiate refuge of sleep. In my 
dreams I found a little of the beauty I had vainly sought in life, and wandered 
through old gardens and enchanted woods. 

Once when the wind was soft and scented I heard the south calling, and sailed 
endlessly and languorously under strange stars. 

Once when the gentle rain fell I glided in a barge down a sunless stream under 
the earth till I reached another world of purple twilight, iridescent arbours, and 
undying roses. 

And once I walked through a golden valley that led to shadowy groves and 
ruins, and ended in a mighty wall green with antique vines, and pierced by a 
little gate of bronze. 

Many times I walked through that valley, and longer and longer would I pause 
in the spectral half-light where the giant trees squirmed and twisted grotesquely, 
and the grey ground stretched damply from trunk to trunk, some times 
disclosing the mould-stained stones of buried temples. And alway the goal of my 
fancies was the mighty vine-grown wall with the little gate of bronze therein. 

After a while, as the days of waking became less and less bearable from their 
greyness and sameness, I would often drift in opiate peace through the valley 
and the shadowy groves, and wonder how I might seize them for my eternal 
dwelling-place, so that I need no more crawl back to a dull world stript of 
interest and new colours. And as I looked upon the little gate in the mighty wall, 
I felt that beyond it lay a dream-country from which, once it was entered, there 
would be no return. 

So each night in sleep I strove to find the hidden latch of the gate in the ivied 
antique wall, though it was exceedingly well hidden. And I would tell myself 
that the realm beyond the wall was not more lasting merely, but more lovely and 
radiant as well. 



149 



Then one night in the dream-city of Zakarion I found a yellowed papyrus filled 
with the thoughts of dream-sages who dwelt of old in that city, and who were 
too wise ever to be born in the waking world. Therein were written many things 
concerning the world of dream, and among them was lore of a golden valley and 
a sacred grove with temples, and a high wall pierced by a little bronze gate. 
When I saw this lore, I knew that it touched on the scenes I had haunted, and I 
therefore read long in the yellowed papyrus. 

Some of the dream-sages wrote gorgeously of the wonders beyond the 
irrepassable gate, but others told of horror and disappointment. I knew not 
which to believe, yet longed more and more to cross for ever into the unknown 
land; for doubt and secrecy are the lure of lures, and no new horror can be more 
terrible than the daily torture of the commonplace. So when I learned of the drug 
which would unlock the gate and drive me through, I resolved to take it when 
next I awaked. 

Last night I swallowed the drug and floated dreamily into the golden valley and 
the shadowy groves; and when I came this time to the antique wall, I saw that 
the small gate of bronze was ajar. From beyond came a glow that weirdly lit the 
giant twisted trees and the tops of the buried temples, and I drifted on songfully, 
expectant of the glories of the land from whence I should never return. 

But as the gate swung wider and the sorcery of the drug and the dream pushed 
me through, I knew that all sights and glories were at an end; for in that new 
realm was neither land nor sea, but only the white void of unpeopled and 
illimitable space. So, happier than I had ever dared hope to be, I dissolved again 
into that native infinity of crystal oblivion from which the daemon Life had 
called me for one brief and desolate hour. 



150 



Facts Concerning the Late Arthur 
Jermyn and His Family 

Written 1920 

Published March 1921 in The Wolverine, No. 9, p. 3-11. 

I 

Life is a hideous thing, and from the background behind what we know of it 
peer daemoniacal hints of truth which make it sometimes a thousandfold more 
hideous. Science, already oppressive with its shocking revelations, will perhaps 
be the ultimate exterminator of our human species-if separate species we be-for 
its reserve of unguessed horrors could never be borne by mortal brains if loosed 
upon the world. If we knew what we are, we should do as Sir Arthur Jermyn did; 
and Arthur Jermyn soaked himself in oil and set fire to his clothing one night. No 
one placed the charred fragments in an urn or set a memorial to him who had 
been; for certain papers and a certain boxed object were found which made men 
wish to forget. Some who knew him do not admit that he ever existed. 

Arthur Jermyn went out on the moor and burned himself after seeing the boxed 
object which had come from Africa. It was this object, and not his peculiar 
personal appearance, which made him end his life. Many would have disliked to 
live if possessed of the peculiar features of Arthur Jermyn, but he had been a 
poet and scholar and had not minded. Learning was in his blood, for his great- 
grandfather. Sir Robert Jermyn, Bt., had been an anthropologist of note, whilst 
his great-great-great-grandfather. Sir Wade Jermyn, was one of the earliest 
explorers of the Congo region, and had written eruditely of its tribes, animals, 
and supposed antiquities. Indeed, old Sir Wade had possessed an intellectual 
zeal amounting almost to a mania; his bizarre conjectures on a prehistoric white 
Congolese civilisation earning him much ridicule when his book. Observation on 
the Several Parts of Africa, was published. In 1765 this fearless explorer had been 
placed in a madhouse at Huntingdon. 

Madness was in all the Jermyns, and people were glad there were not many of 
them. The line put forth no branches, and Arthur was the last of it. If he had not 
been, one can not say what he would have done when the object came. The 
Jermyns never seemed to look quite right-something was amiss, though Arthur 
was the worst, and the old family portraits in Jermyn House showed fine faces 
enough before Sir Wade's time. Certainly, the madness began with Sir Wade, 
whose wild stories of Africa were at once the delight and terror of his few 



151 



friends. It showed in his collection of trophies and specimens, which were not 
such as a normal man would accumulate and preserve, and appeared strikingly 
in the Oriental seclusion in which he kept his wife. The latter, he had said, was 
the daughter of a Portuguese trader whom he had met in Africa; and did not like 
English ways. She, with an infant son born in Africa, had accompanied him back 
from the second and longest of his trips, and had gone with him on the third and 
last, never returning. No one had ever seen her closely, not even the servants; for 
her disposition had been violent and singular. During her brief stay at Jermyn 
House she occupied a remote wing, and was waited on by her husband alone. Sir 
Wade was, indeed, most peculiar in his solicitude for his family; for when he 
returned to Africa he would permit no one to care for his young son save a 
loathsome black woman from Guinea. Upon coming back, after the death of 
Lady Jermyn, he himself assumed complete care of the boy. 

But it was the talk of Sir Wade, especially when in his cups, which chiefly led his 
friends to deem him mad. In a rational age like the eighteenth century it was 
unwise for a man of learning to talk about wild sights and strange scenes under a 
Congo moon; of the gigantic walls and pillars of a forgotten city, crumbling and 
vine-grown, and of damp, silent, stone steps leading interminably down into the 
darkness of abysmal treasure-vaults and inconceivable catacombs. Especially 
was it unwise to rave of the living things that might haunt such a place; of 
creatures half of the jungle and half of the impiously aged city-fabulous 
creatures which even a Pliny might describe with scepticism; things that might 
have sprung up after the great apes had overrun the dying city with the walls 
and the pillars, the vaults and the weird carvings. Yet after he came home for the 
last time Sir Wade would speak of such matters with a shudderingly uncanny 
zest, mostly after his third glass at the Knight's Head; boasting of what he had 
found in the jungle and of how he had dwelt among terrible ruins known only to 
him. And finally he had spoken of the living things in such a manner that he was 
taken to the madhouse. He had shown little regret when shut into the barred 
room at Huntingdon, for his mind moved curiously. Ever since his son had 
commenced to grow out of infancy, he had liked his home less and less, till at last 
he had seemed to dread it. The Knight's Head had been his headquarters, and 
when he was confined he expressed some vague gratitude as if for protection. 
Three years later he died. 

Wade Jermyn's son Philip was a highly peculiar person. Despite a strong 
physical resemblance to his father, his appearance and conduct were in many 
particulars so coarse that he was universally shunned. Though he did not inherit 
the madness which was feared by some, he was densely stupid and given to brief 
periods of uncontrollable violence. In frame he was small, but intensely 
powerful, and was of incredible agility. Twelve years after succeeding to his title 
he married the daughter of his gamekeeper, a person said to be of gypsy 



152 



extraction, but before his son was born joined the navy as a common sailor, 
completing the general disgust which his habits and misalliance had begun. 
After the close of the American war he was heard of as sailor on a merchantman 
in the African trade, having a kind of reputation for feats of strength and 
climbing, but finally disappearing one night as his ship lay off the Congo coast. 

In the son of Sir Philip Jermyn the now accepted family peculiarity took a strange 
and fatal turn. Tall and fairly handsome, with a sort of weird Eastern grace 
despite certain slight oddities of proportion, Robert Jermyn began life as a 
scholar and investigator. It was he who first studied scientifically the vast 
collection of relics which his mad grandfather had brought from Africa, and who 
made the family name as celebrated in ethnology as in exploration. In 1815 Sir 
Robert married a daughter of the seventh Viscount Brightholme and was 
subsequently blessed with three children, the eldest and youngest of whom were 
never publicly seen on account of deformities in mind and body. Saddened by 
these family misfortunes, the scientist sought relief in work, and made two long 
expeditions in the interior of Africa. In 1849 his second son, Nevil, a singularly 
repellent person who seemed to combine the surliness of Philip Jermyn with the 
hauteur of the Brightholmes, ran away with a vulgar dancer, but was pardoned 
upon his return in the following year. He came back to Jermyn House a widower 
with an infant son, Alfred, who was one day to be the father of Arthur Jermyn. 

Friends said that it was this series of griefs which unhinged the mind of Sir 
Robert Jermyn, yet it was probably merely a bit of African folklore which caused 
the disaster. The elderly scholar had been collecting legends of the Onga tribes 
near the field of his grandfather's and his own explorations, hoping in some way 
to account for Sir Wade's wild tales of a lost city peopled by strange hybrid 
creatures. A certain consistency in the strange papers of his ancestor suggested 
that the madman's imagination might have been stimulated by native myths. On 
October 19, 1852, the explorer Samuel Seaton called at Jermyn House with a 
manuscript of notes collected among the Ongas, believing that certain legends of 
a gray city of white apes ruled by a white god might prove valuable to the 
ethnologist. In his conversation he probably supplied many additional details; 
the nature of which will never be known, since a hideous series of tragedies 
suddenly burst into being. When Sir Robert Jermyn emerged from his library he 
left behind the strangled corpse of the explorer, and before he could be 
restrained, had put an end to all three of his children; the two who were never 
seen, and the son who had run away. Nevil Jermyn died in the successful 
defence of his own two-year-old son, who had apparently been included in the 
old man's madly murderous scheme. Sir Robert himself, after repeated attempts 
at suicide and a stubborn refusal to utter an articulate sound, died of apoplexy in 
the second year of his confinement. 



153 



Sir Alfred Jermyn was a baronet before his fourth birthday, but his tastes never 
matched his title. At twenty he had joined a band of music-hall performers, and 
at thirty-six had deserted his wife and child to travel with an itinerant American 
circus. His end was very revolting. Among the animals in the exhibition with 
which he travelled was a huge bull gorilla of lighter colour than the average; a 
surprisingly tractable beast of much popularity with the performers. With this 
gorilla Alfred Jermyn was singularly fascinated, and on many occasions the two 
would eye each other for long periods through the intervening bars. Eventually 
Jermyn asked and obtained permission to train the animal, astonishing audiences 
and fellow performers alike with his success. One morning in Chicago, as the 
gorilla and Alfred Jermyn were rehearsing an exceedingly clever boxing match, 
the former delivered a blow of more than the usual force, hurting both the body 
and the dignity of the amateur trainer. Of what followed, members of "The 
Greatest Show On Earth" do not like to speak. They did not expect to hear Sir 
Alfred Jermyn emit a shrill, inhuman scream, or to see him seize his clumsy 
antagonist with both hands, dash it to the floor of the cage, and bite fiendishly at 
its hairy throat. The gorilla was off its guard, but not for long, and before 
anything could be done by the regular trainer, the body which had belonged to a 
baronet was past recognition. 

II 

Arthur Jermyn was the son of Sir Alfred Jermyn and a music-hall singer of 
unknown origin. When the husband and father deserted his family, the mother 
took the child to Jermyn House; where there was none left to object to her 
presence. She was not without notions of what a nobleman's dignity should be, 
and saw to it that her son received the best education which limited money could 
provide. The family resources were now sadly slender, and Jermyn House had 
fallen into woeful disrepair, but young Arthur loved the old edifice and all its 
contents. He was not like any other Jermyn who had ever lived, for he was a poet 
and a dreamer. Some of the neighbouring families who had heard tales of old Sir 
Wade Jermyn's unseen Portuguese wife declared that her Latin blood must be 
showing itself; but most persons merely sneered at his sensitiveness to beauty, 
attributing it to his music-hall mother, who was socially unrecognised. The 
poetic delicacy of Arthur Jermyn was the more remarkable because of his 
uncouth personal appearance. Most of the Jermyns had possessed a subtly odd 
and repellent cast, but Arthur's case was very striking. It is hard to say just what 
he resembled, but his expression, his facial angle, and the length of his arms gave 
a thrill of repulsion to those who met him for the first time. 

It was the mind and character of Arthur Jermyn which atoned for his aspect. 
Gifted and learned, he took highest honours at Oxford and seemed likely to 
redeem the intellectual fame of his family. Though of poetic rather than scientific 



154 



temperament, he planned to continue the work of his forefathers in African 
ethnology and antiquities, utilising the truly wonderful though strange collection 
of Sir Wade. With his fanciful mind he thought often of the prehistoric 
civilisation in which the mad explorer had so implicitly believed, and would 
weave tale after tale about the silent jungle city mentioned in the latter's wilder 
notes and paragraphs. For the nebulous utterances concerning a nameless, 
unsuspected race of jungle hybrids he had a peculiar feeling of mingled terror 
and attraction, speculating on the possible basis of such a fancy, and seeking to 
obtain light among the more recent data gleaned by his great-grandfather and 
Samuel Seaton amongst the Ongas. 

In 1911, after the death of his mother. Sir Arthur Jermyn determined to pursue 
his investigations to the utmost extent. Selling a portion of his estate to obtain the 
requisite money, he outfitted an expedition and sailed for the Congo. Arranging 
with the Belgian authorities for a party of guides, he spent a year in the Onga 
and Kahn country, finding data beyond the highest of his expectations. Among 
the Kaliris was an aged chief called Mwanu, who possessed not only a highly 
retentive memory, but a singular degree of intelligence and interest in old 
legends. This ancient confirmed every tale which Jermyn had heard, adding his 
own account of the stone city and the white apes as it had been told to him. 

According to Mwanu, the gray city and the hybrid creatures were no more, 
having been annihilated by the warlike N'bangus many years ago. This tribe, 
after destroying most of the edifices and killing the live beings, had carried off 
the stuffed goddess which had been the object of their quest; the white ape- 
goddess which the strange beings worshipped, and which was held by Congo 
tradition to be the form of one who had reigned as a princess among these 
beings. Just what the white apelike creatures could have been, Mwanu had no 
idea, but he thought they were the builders of the ruined city. Jermyn could form 
no conjecture, but by close questioning obtained a very picturesque legend of the 
stuffed goddess. 

The ape-princess, it was said, became the consort of a great white god who had 
come out of the West. For a long time they had reigned over the city together, but 
when they had a son, all three went away. Later the god and princess had 
returned, and upon the death of the princess her divine husband had 
mummified the body and enshrined it in a vast house of stone, where it was 
worshipped. Then he departed alone. The legend here seemed to present three 
variants. According to one story, nothing further happened save that the stuffed 
goddess became a symbol of supremacy for whatever tribe might possess it. It 
was for this reason that the N'bangus carried it off. A second story told of a god's 
return and death at the feet of his enshrined wife. A third told of the return of the 
son, grown to manhood-or apehood or godhood, as the case might be-yet 



155 



unconscious of his identity. Surely the imaginative blacks had made the most of 
whatever events might lie behind the extravagant legendry. 

Of the reality of the jungle city described by old Sir Wade, Arthur Jermyn had no 
further doubt; and was hardly astonished when early in 1912 he came upon what 
was left of it. Its size must have been exaggerated, yet the stones lying about 
proved that it was no mere Negro village. Unfortunately no carvings could be 
found, and the small size of the expedition prevented operations toward clearing 
the one visible passageway that seemed to lead down into the system of vaults 
which Sir Wade had mentioned. The white apes and the stuffed goddess were 
discussed with all the native chiefs of the region, but it remained for a European 
to improve on the data offered by old Mwanu. M. Verhaeren, Belgian agent at a 
trading-post on the Congo, believed that he could not only locate but obtain the 
stuffed goddess, of which he had vaguely heard; since the once mighty N'bangus 
were now the submissive servants of King Albert's government, and with but 
little persuasion could be induced to part with the gruesome deity they had 
carried off. When Jermyn sailed for England, therefore, it was with the exultant 
probability that he would within a few months receive a priceless ethnological 
relic confirming the wildest of his great-great-great-grandfather's narratives-that 
is, the wildest which he had ever heard. Countrymen near Jermyn House had 
perhaps heard wilder tales handed down from ancestors who had listened to Sir 
Wade around the tables of the Knight's Head. 

Arthur Jermyn waited very patiently for the expected box from M. Verhaeren, 
meanwhile studying with increased diligence the manuscripts left by his mad 
ancestor. He began to feel closely akin to Sir Wade, and to seek relics of the 
latter's personal life in England as well as of his African exploits. Oral accounts 
of the mysterious and secluded wife had been numerous, but no tangible relic of 
her stay at Jermyn House remained. Jermyn wondered what circumstance had 
prompted or permitted such an effacement, and decided that the husband's 
insanity was the prime cause. His great-great-great-grandmother, he recalled, 
was said to have been the daughter of a Portuguese trader in Africa. No doubt 
her practical heritage and superficial knowledge of the Dark Continent had 
caused her to flout Sir Wade's tales of the interior, a thing which such a man 
would not be likely to forgive. She had died in Africa, perhaps dragged thither 
by a husband determined to prove what he had told. But as Jermyn indulged in 
these reflections he could not but smile at their futility, a century and a half after 
the death of both his strange progenitors. 

In June, 1913, a letter arrived from M. Verhaeren, telling of the finding of the 
stuffed goddess. It was, the Belgian averred, a most extraordinary object; an 
object quite beyond the power of a layman to classify. Whether it was human or 
simian only a scientist could determine, and the process of determination would 



156 



be greatly hampered by its imperfect condition. Time and the Congo chmate are 
not kind to mummies; especially when their preparation is as amateurish as 
seemed to be the case here. Around the creature's neck had been found a golden 
chain bearing an empty locket on which were armorial designs; no doubt some 
hapless traveller's keepsake, taken by the N'bangus and hung upon the goddess 
as a charm. In commenting on the contour of the mummy's face, M. Verhaeren 
suggested a whimsical comparison; or rather, expressed a humorous wonder just 
how it would strike his corespondent, but was too much interested scientifically 
to waste many words in levity. The stuffed goddess, he wrote, would arrive duly 
packed about a month after receipt of the letter. 

The boxed object was delivered at Jermyn House on the afternoon of August 3, 
1913, being conveyed immediately to the large chamber which housed the 
collection of African specimens as arranged by Sir Robert and Arthur. What 
ensued can best be gathered from the tales of servants and from things and 
papers later examined. Of the various tales, that of aged Soames, the family 
butler, is most ample and coherent. According to this trustworthy man. Sir 
Arthur Jermyn dismissed everyone from the room before opening the box, 
though the instant sound of hammer and chisel showed that he did not delay the 
operation. Nothing was heard for some time; just how long Soames cannot 
exactly estimate, but it was certainly less than a quarter of an hour later that the 
horrible scream, undoubtedly in Jermyn's voice, was heard. Immediately 
afterward Jermyn emerged from the room, rushing frantically toward the front of 
the house as if pursued by some hideous enemy. The expression on his face, a 
face ghastly enough in repose, was beyond description. When near the front door 
he seemed to think of something, and turned back in his flight, finally 
disappearing down the stairs to the cellar. The servants were utterly 
dumbfounded, and watched at the head of the stairs, but their master did not 
return. A smell of oil was all that came up from the regions below. After dark a 
rattling was heard at the door leading from the cellar into the courtyard; and a 
stable-boy saw Arthur Jermyn, glistening from head to foot with oil and redolent 
of that fluid, steal furtively out and vanish on the black moor surrounding the 
house. Then, in an exaltation of supreme horror, everyone saw the end. A spark 
appeared on the moor, a flame arose, and a pillar of human fire reached to the 
heavens. The house of Jermyn no longer existed. 

The reason why Arthur Jermyn's charred fragments were not collected and 
buried lies in what was found afterward, principally the thing in the box. The 
stuffed goddess was a nauseous sight, withered and eaten away, but it was 
clearly a mummified white ape of some unknown species, less hairy than any 
recorded variety, and infinitely nearer mankind-quite shockingly so. Detailed 
description would be rather unpleasant, but two salient particulars must be told, 
for they fit in revoltingly with certain notes of Sir Wade Jermyn's African 



157 



expeditions and with the Congolese legends of the white god and the ape- 
princess. The two particulars in question are these: the arms on the golden locket 
about the creature's neck were the Jermyn arms, and the jocose suggestion of M. 
Verhaeren about certain resemblance as connected with the shrivelled face 
applied with vivid, ghastly, and unnatural horror to none other than the 
sensitive Arthur Jermyn, great-great-great-grandson of Sir Wade Jermyn and an 
unknown wife. Members of the Royal Anthropological Institute burned the thing 
and threw the locket into a well, and some of them do not admit that Arthur 
Jermyn ever existed. 



158 



From Beyond 



Written 1920 

Published June 1934 in The Fantasy Fan, 1, No. 10, 147-51, 160. 

Horrible beyond conception was the change which had taken place in my best 
friend, Crawford Tillinghast. I had not seen him since that day, two months and 
a half before, when he told me toward what goal his physical and metaphysical 
researches were leading; when he had answered my awed and almost frightened 
remonstrances by driving me from his laboratory and his house in a burst of 
fanatical rage. I had known that he now remained mostly shut in the attic 
laboratory with that accursed electrical machine, eating little and excluding even 
the servants, but I had not thought that a brief period of ten weeks could so alter 
and disfigure any human creature. It is not pleasant to see a stout man suddenly 
grown thin, and it is even worse when the baggy skin becomes yellowed or 
grayed, the eyes sunken, circled, and uncannily glowing, the forehead veined 
and corrugated, and the hands tremulous and twitching. And if added to this 
there be a repellent unkemptness, a wild disorder of dress, a bushiness of dark 
hair white at the roots, and an unchecked growth of white beard on a face once 
clean-shaven, the cumulative effect is quite shocking. But such was the aspect of 
Crawford TilUinghast on the night his half coherent message brought me to his 
door after my weeks of exile; such was the specter that trembled as it admitted 
me, candle in hand, and glanced furtively over its shoulder as if fearful of unseen 
things in the ancient, lonely house set back from Benevolent Street. 

That Crawford Tilinghast should ever have studied science and philosophy was 
a mistake. These things should be left to the frigid and impersonal investigator 
for they offer two equally tragic alternatives to the man of feeling and action; 
despair, if he fail in his quest, and terrors unutterable and unimaginable if he 
succeed. Tillinghast had once been the prey of failure, solitary and melancholy; 
but now I knew, with nauseating fears of my own, that he was the prey of 
success. I had indeed warned him ten weeks before, when he burst forth with his 
tale of what he felt himself about to discover. He had been flushed and excited 
then, talking in a high and unnatural, though always pedantic, voice. 

"What do we know," he had said, "of the world and the universe about us? Our 
means of receiving impressions are absurdly few, and our notions of 
surrounding objects infinitely narrow. We see things only as we are constructed 
to see them, and can gain no idea of their absolute nature. With five feeble senses 
we pretend to comprehend the boundlessly complex cosmos, yet other beings 
with wider, stronger, or different range of senses might not only see very 



159 



differently the things we see, but might see and study whole worlds of matter, 
energy, and life which lie close at hand yet can never be detected with the senses 
we have. I have always believed that such strange, inaccessible worlds exist at 
our very elbows, and now I believe I have found a way to break dawn the 
barriers. I am not joking. Within twenty-four hours that machine near the table 
will generate waves acting on unrecognized sense organs that exist in us as 
atrophied or rudimentary vestiges. Those waves will open up to us many vistas 
unknown to man and several unknown to anything we consider organic life. We 
shall see that at which dogs howl in the dark, and that at which cats prick up 
their ears after midnight. We shall see these things, and other things which no 
breathing creature has yet seen. We shall overleap time, space, and dimensions, 
and without bodily motion peer to the bottom of creation." 

When Tillinghast said these things I remonstrated, for I knew him well enough to 
be frightened rather than amused; but he was a fanatic, and drove me from the 
house. Now he was no less a fanatic, but his desire to speak had conquered his 
resentment, and he had written me imperatively in a hand I could scarcely 
recognize. As I entered the abode of the friend so suddenly metamorphosed to a 
shivering gargoyle, I became infected with the terror which seemed stalking in 
all the shadows. The words and beliefs expressed ten weeks before seemed 
bodied forth in the darkness beyond the small circle of candle light, and I 
sickened at the hollow, altered voice of my host. I wished the servants were 
about, and did not like it when he said they had all left three days previously. It 
seemed strange that old Gregory, at least, should desert his master without 
telling as tried a friend as I. It was he who had given me all the information I had 
of Tillinghast after I was repulsed in rage. 

Yet I soon subordinated all my fears to my growing curiosity and fascination. 
Just what Crawford Tillinghast now wished of me I could only guess, but that he 
had some stupendous secret or discovery to impart, I could not doubt. Before I 
had protested at his unnatural pryings into the unthinkable; now that he had 
evidently succeeded to some degree I almost shared his spirit, terrible though the 
cost of victory appeared. Up through the dark emptiness of the house I followed 
the bobbing candle in the hand of this shaking parody on man. The electricity 
seemed to be turned off, and when I asked my guide he said it was for a definite 
reason. 

"It would he too much... I would not dare," he continued to mutter. I especially 
noted his new habit of muttering, for it was not like him to talk to himself. We 
entered the laboratory in the attic, and I observed that detestable electrical 
machine, glowing with a sickly, sinister violet luminosity. It was connected with 
a powerful chemical battery, but seemed to be receiving no current; for I recalled 
that in its experimental stage it had sputtered and purred when in action. In 



160 



reply to my question Tillinghast mumbled that this permanent glow was not 
electrical in any sense that I could understand. 

He now seated me near the machine, so that it was on my right, and turned a 
switch somewhere below the crowning cluster of glass bulbs. The usual 
sputtering began, turned to a whine, and terminated in a drone so soft as to 
suggest a return to silence. Meanwhile the luminosity increased, waned again, 
then assumed a pale, outre colour or blend of colours which I could neither place 
nor describe. Tillinghast had been watching me, and noted my puzzled 
expression. 

"Do you know what that is?" he whispered, "That is ultra-violet." He chuckled 
oddly at my surprise. "You thought ultra-violet was invisible, and so it is - but 
you can see that and many other invisible things now. 

"Listen to me! The waves from that thing are waking a thousand sleeping senses 
in us; senses which we inherit from aeons of evolution from the state of detached 
electrons to the state of organic humanity. I have seen the truth, and I intend to 
show it to you. Do you wonder how it will seem? I will tell you." Here 
Trninghast seated himself directly opposite me, blowing out his candle and 
staring hideously into my eyes. "Your existing sense-organs - ears first, I think - 
will pick up many of the impressions, for they are closely connected with the 
dormant organs. Then there will be others. You have heard of the pineal gland? I 
laugh at the shallow endocrinologist, fellow-dupe and fellow-parvenu of the 
Freudian. That gland is the great sense organ of organs - I have found out. It is 
like sight in the end, and transmits visual pictures to the brain. If you are normal, 
that is the way you ought to get most of it. . . I mean get most of the evidence 
from beyond." 

I looked about the immense attic room with the sloping south wall, dimly lit by 
rays which the every day eye cannot see. The far corners were all shadows and 
the whole place took on a hazy unreality which obscured its nature and invited 
the imagination to symbolism and phantasm. During the interval that Tillinghast 
was long silent I fancied myself in some vast incredible temple of long-dead 
gods; some vague edifice of innumerable black stone columns reaching up from 
a floor of damp slabs to a cloudy height beyond the range of my vision. The 
picture was very vivid for a while, but gradually gave way to a more horrible 
conception; that of utter, absolute solitude in infinite, sightless, soundless space. 
There seemed to a void, and nothing more, and I felt a childish fear which 
prompted me to draw from my hip pocket the revolver I carried after dark since 
the night I was held up in East Providence. Then from the farthermost regions of 
remoteness, the sound softly glided into existence. It was infinitely faint, subtly 
vibrant, and unmistakably musical, but held a quality of surpassing wildness 



161 



which made its impact feel Hke a dehcate torture of my whole body. I felt 
sensations like those one feels when accidentally scratching ground glass. 
Simultaneously there developed something like a cold draught, which 
apparently swept past me from the direction of the distant sound. As I waited 
breathlessly I perceived that both sound and wind were increasing; the effect 
being to give me an odd notion of myself as tied to a pair of rails in the path of a 
gigantic approaching locomotive. I began to speak to Tillinghast, and as I did so 
all the unusual impressions abruptly vanished. I saw only the man, the glowing 
machines, and the dim apartment. Tillinghast was grinning repulsively at the 
revolver which I had almost unconsciously drawn, but from his expression I was 
sure he had seen and heard as much as I, if not a great deal more. I whispered 
what I had experienced and he bade me to remain as quiet and receptive as 
possible. 

"Don't move," he cautioned, "for in these rays we are able to be seen as well as to 
see. I told you the servants left, but I didn't tell you how. It was that thick-witted 
house-keeper - she turned on the lights downstairs after I had warned her not to, 
and the wires picked up sympathetic vibrations. It must have been frightful - I 
could hear the screams up here in spite of all I was seeing and hearing from 
another direction, and later it was rather awful to find those empty heaps of 
clothes around the house. Mrs. Updike's clothes were close to the front hall 
switch - that's how I know she did it. It got them all. But so long as we don't 
move we're fairly safe. Remember we're dealing with a hideous world in which 
we are practically helpless... Keep still!" 

The combined shock of the revelation and of the abrupt command gave me a 
kind of paralysis, and in my terror my mind again opened to the impressions 
coming from what Tillinghast called "beyond." I was now in a vortex of sound 
and motion, with confused pictures before my eyes. I saw the blurred outlines of 
the room, but from some point in space there seemed to be pouring a seething 
column of unrecognizable shapes or clouds, penetrating the solid roof at a point 
ahead and to the right of me. Then I glimpsed the temple - like effect again, but 
this time the pillars reached up into an aerial ocean of light, which sent down one 
blinding beam along the path of the cloudy column I had seen before. After that 
the scene was almost wholly kaleidoscopic, and in the jumble of sights, sounds, 
and unidentified sense-impressions I felt that I was about to dissolve or in some 
way lose the solid form. One definite flash I shall always remember. I seemed for 
an instant to behold a patch of strange night sky filled with shining, revolving 
spheres, and as it receded I saw that the glowing suns formed a constellation or 
galaxy of settled shape; this shape being the distorted face of Crawford 
Tillinghast. At another time I felt the huge animate things brushing past me and 
occasionally walking or drifting through my supposedly solid body, and thought 
I saw Tillinghast look at them as though his better trained senses could catch 



162 



them visually. I recalled what he had said of the pineal gland, and wondered 
what he saw with this preternatural eye. 

Suddenly I myself became possessed of a kind of augmented sight. Over and 
above the luminous and shadowy chaos arose a picture which, though vague, 
held the elements of consistency and permanence. It was indeed somewhat 
familiar, for the unusual part was superimposed upon the usual terrestrial scene 
much as a cinema view may be thrown upon the painted curtain of a theater. I 
saw the attic laboratory, the electrical machine, and the unsightly form of 
Tillinghast opposite me; but of all the space unoccupied by familiar objects not 
one particle was vacant. Indescribable shapes both alive and otherwise were 
mixed in disgusting disarray, and close to every known thing were whole worlds 
of alien, unknown entities. It likewise seemed that all the known things entered 
into the composition of other unknown things and vice versa. Foremost among 
the living objects were inky, jellyfish monstrosities which flabbily quivered in 
harmony with the vibrations from the machine. They were present in loathsome 
profusion, and I saw to my horror that they overlapped; that they were semi- 
fluid and capable of passing through one another and through what we know as 
solids. These things were never still, but seemed ever floating about with some 
malignant purpose. Sometimes they appeared to devour one another, the 
attacker launching itself at its victim and instantaneously obliterating the latter 
from sight. Shudderingly I felt that I knew what had obliterated the unfortunate 
servants, and could not exclude the thing from my mind as I strove to observe 
other properties of the newly visible world that lies unseen around us. But 
Tillinghast had been watching me and was speaking. 

"You see them? You see them? You see the things that float and flop about you 
and through you every moment of your life? You see the creatures that form 
what men call the pure air and the blue sky? Have I not succeeded in breaking 
down the barrier; have I not shown you worlds that no other living men have 
seen?" I heard his scream through the horrible chaos, and looked at the wild face 
thrust so offensively close to mine. His eyes were pits of flame, and they glared 
at me with what I now saw was overwhelming hatred. The machine droned 
detestably. 

"You think those floundering things wiped out the servants? Fool, they are 
harmless! But the servants are gone, aren't they? You tried to stop me; you 
discouraged me when I needed every drop of encouragement I could get; you 
were afraid of the cosmic truth, you damned coward, but now I've got you! What 
swept up the servants? What made them scream so loud?... Don't know, eh! 
You'll know soon enough. Look at me - listen to what I say - do you suppose 
there are really any such things as time and magnitude? Do you fancy there are 
such things as form or matter? I tell you, I have struck depths that your little 



163 



brain can't picture. I have seen beyond the bounds of infinity and drawn down 
daemons from the stars... I have harnessed the shadows that stride from world 
to world to sow death and madness... Space belongs to me, do you hear? Things 
are hunting me now - the things that devour and dissolve - but I know how to 
elude them. It is you they will get, as they got the servants... Stirring, dear sir? I 
told you it was dangerous to move, I have saved you so far by telling you to keep 
still - saved you to see more sights and to listen to me. If you had moved, they 
would have been at you long ago. Don't worry, they won't hurt you. They didn't 
hurt the servants - it was the seeing that made the poor devils scream so. My pets 
are not pretty, for they come out of places where aesthetic standards are - very 
different. Disintegration is quite painless, I assure you — but I want you to see 
them. I almost saw them, but I knew how to stop. You are curious? I always 
knew you were no scientist. Trembling, eh. Trembling with anxiety to see the 
ultimate things I have discovered. Why don't you move, then? Tired? Well, don't 
worry, my friend, for they are coming... Look, look, curse you, look... it's just 
over your left shoulder. . ." 

What remains to be told is very brief, and may be familiar to you from the 
newspaper accounts. The police heard a shot in the old Tillinghast house and 
found us there - Tillinghast dead and me unconscious. They arrested me because 
the revolver was in my hand, but released me in three hours, after they found it 
was apoplexy which had finished Tillinghast and saw that my shot had been 
directed at the noxious machine which now lay hopelessly shattered on the 
laboratory floor. I did not tell very much of what I had seen, for I feared the 
coroner would be skeptical; but from the evasive outline I did give, the doctor 
told me that I had undoubtedly been hypnotized by the vindictive and homicidal 
madman. 

I wish I could believe that doctor. It would help my shaky nerves if I could 
dismiss what I now have to think of the air and the sky about and above me. I 
never feel alone or comfortable, and a hideous sense of pursuit sometimes comes 
chillingly on me when I am weary. What prevents me from believing the doctor 
is one simple fact - that the police never found the bodies of those servants whom 
they say Crawford Tillinghast murdered. 



164 



He 

Written 11 Aug 1925 

Published September 1926 in Weird Tales, Vol. 8, No. 3, P. 373-80. 

I saw him on a sleepless night when I was walking desperately to save my soul 
and my vision. My coming to New York had been a mistake; for whereas I had 
looked for poignant wonder and inspiration in the teeming labyrinths of ancient 
streets that twist endlessly from forgotten courts and squares and waterfronts to 
courts and squares and waterfronts equally forgotten, and in the Cyclopean 
modern towers and pinnacles that rise blackly Babylonian under waning moons, 
I had found instead only a sense of horror and oppression which threatened to 
master, paralyze, and annihilate me. 

The disillusion had been gradual. Coming for the first time upon the town, I had 
seen it in the sunset from a bridge, majestic above its waters, its incredible peaks 
and pyramids rising flowerlike and delicate from pools of violet mist to play 
with the flaming clouds and the first stars of evening. Then it had lighted up 
window by window above the shimmering tides where lanterns nodded and 
glided and deep horns bayed weird harmonies, and had itself become a starry 
firmament of dream, redolent of faery music, and one with the marvels of 
Carcassonne and Samarcand and El Dorado and all glorious and half- fabulous 
cities. Shortly afterward I was taken through those antique ways so dear to my 
fancy-narrow, curving alleys and passages where rows of red Georgian brick 
blinked with small-paned dormers above pillared doorways that had looked on 
gilded sedans and paneled coaches - and in the first flush of realization of these 
long-wished things I thought I had indeed achieved such treasures as would 
make me in time a poet. 

But success and happiness were not to be. Garish daylight showed only squalor 
and alienage and the noxious elephantiasis of climbing, spreading stone where 
the moon had hinted of loveliness and elder magic; and the throngs of people 
that seethed through the flume-like streets were squat, swarthy strangers with 
hardened faces and narrow eyes, shrewd strangers without dreams and without 
kinship to the scenes about them, who could never mean aught to a blue-eyed 
man of the old folk, with the love of fair green lanes and white New England 
village steeples in his heart. 

So instead of the poems I had hoped for, there came only a shuddering blackness 
and ineffable loneliness; and I saw at last a fearful truth which no one had ever 
dared to breathe before - the unwhisperable secret of secrets - the fact that this 



165 



city of stone and stridor is not a sentient perpetuation of Old New York as 
London is of Old London and Paris of Old Paris, but that it is in fact quite dead, 
its sprawling body imperfectly embalmed and infested with queer animate 
things which have nothing to do with it as it was in life. Upon making this 
discovery I ceased to sleep comfortably; though something of resigned 
tranquillity came back as I gradually formed the habit of keeping off the streets 
by day and venturing abroad only at night, when darkness calls forth what little 
of the past still hovers wraith-like about, and old white doorways remember the 
stalwart forms that once passed through them. With this mode of relief I even 
wrote a few poems, and still refrained from going home to my people lest I seem 
to crawl back ignobly in defeat. 

Then, on a sleepless night's walk, I met the man. It was in a grotesque hidden 
courtyard of the Greenwich section, for there in my ignorance I had settled, 
having heard of the place as the natural home of poets and artists. The archaic 
lanes and houses and unexpected bits of square and court had indeed delighted 
me, and when I found the poets and artists to be loud-voiced pretenders whose 
quaintness is tinsel and whose lives are a denial of all that pure beauty which is 
poetry and art, I stayed on for love of these venerable things. I fancied them as 
they were in their prime, when Greenwich was a placid village not yet engulfed 
by the town; and in the hours before dawn, when all the revellers had slunk 
away, I used to wander alone among their cryptical windings and brood upon 
the curious arcana which generations must have deposited there. This kept my 
soul alive, and gave me a few of those dreams and visions for which the poet far 
within me cried out. 

The man came upon me at about two one cloudy August morning, as I was 
threading a series of detached courtyards; now accessible only through the 
unlighted hallways of intervening buildings, but once forming parts of a 
continuous network of picturesque alleys. I had heard of them by vague rumor, 
and realized that they could not be upon any map of today; but the fact that they 
were forgotten only endeared them to me, so that I had sought them with twice 
my usual eagerness. Now that I had found them, my eagerness was again 
redoubled; for something in their arrangement dimly hinted that they might be 
only a few of many such, with dark, dumb counterparts wedged obscurely 
betwixt high blank walls and deserted rear tenements, or lurking lamplessly 
behind archways unbetrayed by hordes of the foreign-speaking or guarded by 
furtive and uncommunicative artists whose practises do not invite publicity or 
the light of day. 

He spoke to me without invitation, noting my mood and glances as I studied 
certain knockered doorways above iron-railed steps, the pallid glow of traceried 
transoms feebly lighting my face. His own face was in shadow, and he wore a 



166 



wide-brimmed hat which somehow blended perfectly with the out-of-date cloak 
he affected; but I was subtly disquieted even before he addressed me. His form 
was very slight; thin almost to cadaverousness; and his voice proved 
phenomenally soft and hollow, though not particularly deep. He had, he said, 
noticed me several times at my wanderings; and inferred that I resembled him in 
loving the vestiges of former years. Would I not like the guidance of one long 
practised in these explorations, and possessed of local information profoundly 
deeper than any which an obvious newcomer could possibly have gained? 

As he spoke, I caught a glimpse of his face in the yellow beam from a solitary 
attic window. It was a noble, even a handsome elderly countenance; and bore the 
marks of a lineage and refinement unusual for the age and place. Yet some 
quality about it disturbed me almost as much as its features pleased me - perhaps 
it was too white, or too expressionless, or too much out of keeping with the 
locality, to make me feel easy or comfortable. Nevertheless I followed him; for in 
those dreary days my quest for antique beauty and mystery was all that I had to 
keep my soul alive, and I reckoned it a rare favor of Fate to fall in with one 
whose kindred seekings seemed to have penetrated so much farther than mine. 

Something in the night constrained the cloaked man to silence and for a long 
hour he led me forward without needless words; making only the briefest of 
comments concerning ancient names and dates and changes, and directing my 
progress very largely by gestures as we squeezed through interstices, tiptoed 
through corridors clambered over brick walls, and once crawled on hands and 
knees through a low, arched passage of stone whose immense length and 
tortuous twistings effaced at last every hint of geographical location I had 
managed to preserve. The things we saw were very old and marvelous, or at 
least they seemed so in the few straggling rays of light by which I viewed them, 
and I shall never forget the tottering Ionic columns and fluted pilasters and urn- 
headed iron fenceposts and flaring-linteled windows and decorative fanlights 
that appeared to grow quainter and stranger the deeper we advanced into this 
inexhaustible maze of unknown antiquity. 

We met no person, and as time passed the lighted windows became fewer and 
fewer. The streetlights we first encountered had been of oil, and of the ancient 
lozenge pattern. Later I noticed some with candles; and at last, after traversing a 
horrible unlighted court where my guide had to lead with his gloved hand 
through total blackness to a narrow wooded gate in a high wall, we came upon a 
fragment of alley lit only by lanterns in front of every seventh house - 
unbelievably Colonial tin lanterns with conical tops and holes punched in the 
sides. This alley led steeply uphill - more steeply than I thought possible in this 
part of New York - and the upper end was blocked squarely by the ivy-clad wall 
of a private estate, beyond which I could see a pale cupola, and the tops of trees 



167 



waving against a vague lightness in the sky. In this wall was a small, low-arched 
gate of nail-studded black oak, which the man proceeded to unlock with a 
ponderous key. Leading me within, he steered a course in utter blackness over 
what seemed to be a gravel path, and finally up a flight of stone steps to the door 
of the house, which he unlocked and opened for me. 

We entered, and as we did so I grew faint from a reek of infinite mustiness which 
welled out to meet us, and which must have been the fruit of unwholesome 
centuries of decay. My host appeared not to notice this, and in courtesy I kept 
silent as he piloted me up a curving stairway, across a hall, and into a room 
whose door I heard him lock behind us. Then I saw him pull the curtains of the 
three small-paned windows that barely showed themselves against the 
lightening sky; after which he crossed to the mantel, struck flint and steel, lighted 
two candles of a candelabrum of twelve sconces, and made a gesture enjoining 
soft-toned speech. 

In this feeble radiance I saw that we were in a spacious, well-furnished and 
paneled library dating from the first quarter of the Eighteenth Century, with 
splendid doorway pediments, a delightful Doric cornice, and a magnificently 
carved overmantel with scroU-and-urn top. Above the crowded bookshelves at 
intervals along the walls were well-wrought family portraits; all tarnished to an 
enigmatical dimness, and bearing an unmistakable likeness to the man who now 
motioned me to a chair beside the graceful Chippendale table. Before seating 
himself across the table from me, my host paused for a moment as if in 
embarrassment; then, tardily removing his gloves, wide-brimmed hat, and cloak, 
stood theatrically revealed in full mid-Georgian costume from queued hair and 
neck ruffles to knee-breeches, silk hose, and the buckled shoes I had not 
previously noticed. Now slowly sinking into a lyre-back chair, he commenced to 
eye me intently. 

Without his hat he took on an aspect of extreme age which was scarcely visible 
before, and I wondered if this unperceived mark of singular longevity were not 
one of the sources of my disquiet. When he spoke at length, his soft, hollow, and 
carefully muffled voice not infrequently quavered; and now and then I had great 
difficulty in following him as I listened with a thrill of amazement and half- 
disavowed alarm which grew each instant. 

"You behold. Sir," my host began, "a man of very eccentrical habits for whose 
costume no apology need be offered to one with your wit and inclinations. 
Reflecting upon better times, I have not scrupled to ascertain their ways, and 
adopt their dress and manners; an indulgence which offends none if practised 
without ostentation. It hath been my good fortune to retain the rural seat of my 
ancestors, swallowed though it was by two towns, first Greenwich, which built 



168 



up hither after 1800, then New York, which joined on near 1830. There were 
many reasons for the close keeping of this place in my family, and I have not 
been remiss in discharging such obligations. The squire who succeeded to it in 
1768 studied sartain arts and made sartain discoveries, all connected with 
influences residing in this particular plot of ground, and eminently desarving of 
the strongest guarding. Some curious effects of these arts and discoveries I now 
purpose to show you, under the strictest secrecy; and I believe I may rely on my 
judgement of men enough to have no distrust of either your interest or your 
fidelity." 

He paused, but I could only nod my head. I have said that I was alarmed, yet to 
my soul nothing was more deadly than the material daylight world of New York, 
and whether this man were a harmless eccentric or a wielder of dangerous arts, I 
had no choice save to follow him and slake my sense of wonder on whatever he 
might have to offer. So I listened. 

"To - my ancestor," he softly continued, "there appeared to reside some very 
remarkable qualities in the will of mankind; qualities having a little-suspected 
dominance not only over the acts of one's self and of others, but over every 
variety of force and substance in Nature, and over many elements and 
dimensions deemed more universal than Nature herself. May I say that he 
flouted the sanctity of things as great as space and time and that he put to 
strange uses the rites of sartain half-breed red Indians once encamped upon this 
hill? These Indians showed choler when the place was built, and were plaguey 
pestilent in asking to visit the grounds at the full of the moon. For years they 
stole over the wall each month when they could, and by stealth performed 
sartain acts. Then, in '68, the new squire catched them at their doings, and stood 
still at what he saw. Thereafter he bargained with them and exchanged the free 
access of his grounds for the exact inwardness of what they did, larning that their 
grandfathers got part of their custom from red ancestors and part from an old 
Dutchman in the time of the States-General. Arid pox on him, I'm afeared the 
squire must have sarved them monstrous bad rum - whether or not by intent - 
for a week after he larnt the secret he was the only man living that knew it. You, 
Sir, are the first outsider to be told there is a secret, and split me if I'd have risked 
tampering that much with - the powers - had ye not been so hot after bygone 
things." 

I shuddered as the man grew colloquial - and with the familiar speech of another 
day. He went on. 

"But you must know. Sir, that what - the squire - got from those mongrel savages 
was but a small part of the larning he came to have. He had not been at Oxford 
for nothing, nor talked to no account with an ancient chymist and astrologer in 



169 



Paris. He was, in fine, made sensible that all the world is but the smoke of our 
intellects; past the bidding of the vulgar, but by the wise to be puffed out and 
drawn in like any cloud of prime Virginia tobacco. What we want, we may make 
about us; and what we don't want, we may sweep away. I won't say that all this 
is wholly true in body, but 'tis sufficient true to furnish a very pretty spectacle 
now and then. You, I conceive, would be tickled hy a better sight of sartain other 
years than your fancy affords you; so be pleased to hold back any fright at what I 
design to show. Come to the window and be quiet." 

My host now took my hand to draw me to one of the two windows on the long 
side of the malodorous room, and at the first touch of his ungloved fingers I 
turned cold. His flesh, though dry and firm, was of the quality of ice; and I 
almost shrank away from his pulling. But again I thought of the emptiness and 
horror of reality, and boldly prepared to follow whithersoever I might be led. 
Once at the window, the man drew apart the yellow silk curtains and directed 
my stare into the blackness outside. For a moment I saw nothing save a myriad 
of tiny dancing lights, far, far before me. Then, as if in response to an insidious 
motion of my host's hand, a flash of heat-lightning played over the scene, and I 
looked out upon a sea of luxuriant foliage - foliage unpolluted, and not the sea of 
roofs to be expected by any normal mind. On my right the Hudson glittered 
wickedly, and in the distance ahead I saw the unhealthy shimmer of a vast salt 
marsh constellated with nervous fireflies. The flash died, and an evil smile 
illumined the waxy face of the aged necromancer. 

"That was before my time - before the new squire's time. Pray let us try again." 

I was faint, even fainter than the hateful modernity of that accursed city had 
made me. 

"Good God!" I whispered, "can you do that for any time?" And as he nodded, 
and bared the black stumps of what had once been yellow fangs, I clutched at the 
curtains to prevent myself from falling. But he steadied me with that terrible, ice- 
cold claw, and once more made his insidious gesture. 

Again the lightning flashed - but this time upon a scene not wholly strange. It 
was Greenwich, the Greenwich that used to be, with here and there a roof or row 
of houses as we see it now, yet with lovely green lanes and fields and bits of 
grassy common. The marsh still glittered beyond, but in the farther distance I 
saw the steeples of what was then all of New York; Trinity and St. Paul's and the 
Brick Church dominating their sisters, and a faint haze of wood smoke hovering 
over the whole. I breathed hard, hut not so much from the sight itself as from the 
possibilities my imagination terrifiedly conjured up. 



170 



"Can you - dare you - go far?" I spoke with awe and I think he shared it for a 
second, but the evil grin returned. 

"Far? What I have seen would blast ye to a mad statue of stone! Back, back - 
forward, forward - look ye puling lackwit!" 

And as he snarled the phrase under his breath he gestured anew bringing to the 
sky a flash more blinding than either which had come before. For full three 
seconds I could glimpse that pandemoniac sight, and in those seconds I saw a 
vista which will ever afterward torment me in dreams. I saw the heavens 
verminous with strange flying things, and beneath them a hellish black city of 
giant stone terraces with impious pyramids flung savagely to the moon, and 
devil-lights burning from unnumbered windows. And swarming loathsomely on 
aerial galleries I saw the yellow, squint-eyed people of that city, robed horribly in 
orange and red, and dancing insanely to the pounding of fevered kettle-drums, 
the clatter of obscene crotala, and the maniacal moaning of muted horns whose 
ceaseless dirges rose and fell undulantly like the wave of an unhallowed ocean of 
bitumen. 

I saw this vista, I say, and heard as with the mind's ear the blasphemous 
domdaniel of cacophony which companioned it. It was the shrieking fulfilment 
of all the horror which that corpse-city had ever stirred in my soul, and 
forgetting every injunction to silence I screamed and screamed and screamed as 
my nerves gave way and the walls quivered about me. 

Then, as the flash subsided, I saw that my host was trembling too; a look of 
shocking fear half-blotting from his face the serpent distortion of rage which my 
screams had excited. He tottered, clutched at the curtains as I had done before, 
and wriggled his head wildly, like a hunted animal. God knows he had cause, for 
as the echoes of my screaming died away there came another sound so hellishly 
suggestive that only numbed emotion kept me sane and conscious. It was the 
steady, stealthy creaking of the stairs beyond the locked door, as with the ascent 
of a barefoot or skin-shod horde; and at last the cautious, purposeful rattling of 
the brass latch that glowed in the feeble candlelight. The old man clawed and 
spat at me through the moldy air, and barked things in his throat as he swayed 
with the yellow curtain he clutched. 

"The full moon - damn ye - ye... ye yelping dog - ye called 'em, and they've 
come for me! Moccasined feet - dead men - Gad sink ye, ye red devils, but I 
poisoned no rum o' yours - han't I kept your pox-rotted magic safe - ye swilled 
yourselves sick, curse ye, and yet must needs blame the squire - let go, you! 
Unhand that latch - I've naught for ye here - " 



171 



At this point three slow and very dehberate raps shook the panels of the door, 
and a white foam gathered at the mouth of the frantic magician. His fright, 
turning to steely despair, left room for a resurgence of his rage against me; and 
he staggered a step toward the table on whose edge I was steadying myself. The 
curtains, still clutched in his right hand as his left clawed out at me, grew taut 
and finally crashed down from their lofty fastenings; admitting to the room a 
flood of that full moonlight which the brightening of the sky had presaged. In 
those greenish beams the candles paled, and a new semblance of decay spread 
over the musk-reeking room with its wormy paneling, sagging floor, battered 
mantel, rickety furniture, and ragged draperies. It spread over the old man, too, 
whether from the same source or because of his fear and vehemence, and I saw 
him shrivel and blacken as he lurched near and strove to rend me with vulturine 
talons. Only his eyes stayed whole, and they glared with a propulsive, dilated 
incandescence which grew as the face around them charred and dwindled. 

The rapping was now repeated with greater insistence, and this time bore a hint 
of metal. The black thing facing me had become only a head with eyes, 
impotently trying to wriggle across the sinking floor in my direction, and 
occasionally emitting feeble little spits of immortal malice. Now swift and 
splintering blows assailed the sickly panels, and I saw the gleam of a tomahawk 
as it cleft the rending wood. I did not move, for I could not; but watched dazedly 
as the door fell in pieces to admit a colossal, shapeless influx of inky substance 
starred with shining, malevolent eyes. It poured thickly, like a flood of oil 
bursting a rotten bulkhead, overturned a chair as it spread, and finally flowed 
under the table and across the room to where the blackened head with the eyes 
still glared at me. Around that head it closed, totally swallowing it up, and in 
another moment it had begun to recede; bearing away its invisible burden 
without touching me, and flowing again out that black doorway and down the 
unseen stairs, which creaked as before, though in reverse order. 

Then the floor gave way at last, and I slid gaspingly down into the nighted 
chamber below, choking with cobwebs and half-swooning with terror. The green 
moon, shining through broken windows, showed me the hall door half open; 
and as I rose from the plaster-strewn floor and twisted myself free from the 
sagged ceiling, I saw sweep past it an awful torrent of blackness, with scores of 
baleful eyes glowing in it. It was seeking the door to the cellar, and when it 
found it, vanished therein. I now felt the floor of this lower room giving as that of 
the upper chamber had done, and once a crashing above had been followed by 
the fall past the west window of some thing which must have been the cupola. 
Now liberated for the instant from the wreckage, I rushed through the hall to the 
front door and finding myself unable to open it, seized a chair and broke a 
window, climbing frenziedly out upon the unkempt lawn where moon light 
danced over yard-high grass and weeds. The wall was high and all the gates 



172 



were locked but moving a pile of boxes in a corner I managed to gain the top and 
cling to the great stone urn set there. 

About me in my exhaustion I could see only strange walls and windows and old 
gambrel roofs. The steep street of my approach was nowhere visible, and the 
little I did see succumbed rapidly to a mist that rolled in from the river despite 
the glaring moonlight. Suddenly the urn to which I clung began to tremble, as if 
sharing my own lethal dizziness; and in another instant my body was plunging 
downward to I knew not what fate. 

The man who found me said that I must have crawled a long way despite my 
broken bones, for a trail of blood stretched off as far as he dared look. The 
gathering rain soon effaced this link with the scene of my ordeal, and reports 
could state no more than that I had appeared from a place unknown, at the 
entrance to a little black court off Perry Street. 

I never sought to return to those tenebrous labyrinths, nor would I direct any 
sane man thither if I could. Of who or what that ancient creature was, I have no 
idea; but I repeat that the city is dead and full of unsuspected horrors. Whither 
he has gone, I do not know; but I have gone home to the pure New England 
lanes up which fragrant sea-winds sweep at evening. 



173 



Herbert West: Reanitnator 

Written Sep 1921-mid 1922 

Published in six parts, February-July 1922 in Home Brew, Vol. 1, Nos. 1-6. 

I. From The Dark 

Published Februrary 1922 in Home Brew Vol. 1, No. 1, p. 19-25. 

Of Herbert West, who was my friend in college and in after life, I can speak only 
with extreme terror. This terror is not due altogether to the sinister manner of his 
recent disappearance, but was engendered by the whole nature of his life-work, 
and first gained its acute form more than seventeen years ago, when we were in 
the third year of our course at the Miskatonic University Medical School in 
Arkham. While he was with me, the wonder and diabolism of his experiments 
fascinated me utterly, and I was his closest companion. Now that he is gone and 
the spell is broken, the actual fear is greater. Memories and possibilities are ever 
more hideous than realities. 

The first horrible incident of our acquaintance was the greatest shock I ever 
experienced, and it is only with reluctance that I repeat it. As I have said, it 
happened when we were in the medical school where West had already made 
himself notorious through his wild theories on the nature of death and the 
possibility of overcoming it artificially. His views, which were widely ridiculed 
by the faculty and by his fellow-students, hinged on the essentially mechanistic 
nature of life; and concerned means for operating the organic machinery of 
mankind by calculated chemical action after the failure of natural processes. In 
his experiments with various animating solutions, he had killed and treated 
immense numbers of rabbits, guinea-pigs, cats, dogs, and monkeys, till he had 
become the prime nuisance of the college. Several times he had actually obtained 
signs of life in animals supposedly dead; in many cases violent signs but he soon 
saw that the perfection of his process, if indeed possible, would necessarily 
involve a lifetime of research. It likewise became clear that, since the same 
solution never worked alike on different organic species, he would require 
human subjects for further and more specialised progress. It was here that he 
first came into conflict with the college authorities, and was debarred from future 
experiments by no less a dignitary than the dean of the medical school himself — 
the learned and benevolent Dr. Allan Halsey, whose work in behalf of the 
stricken is recalled by every old resident of Arkham. 



174 



I had always been exceptionally tolerant of West's pursuits, and we frequently 
discussed his theories, whose ramifications and corollaries were almost infinite. 
Holding with Haeckel that all life is a chemical and physical process, and that the 
so-called "soul" is a myth, my friend believed that artificial reanimation of the 
dead can depend only on the condition of the tissues; and that unless actual 
decomposition has set in, a corpse fully equipped with organs may with suitable 
measures be set going again in the peculiar fashion known as life. That the 
psychic or intellectual life might be impaired by the slight deterioration of 
sensitive brain-cells which even a short period of death would be apt to cause. 
West fully realised. It had at first been his hope to find a reagent which would 
restore vitality before the actual advent of death, and only repeated failures on 
animals had shewn him that the natural and artificial life-motions were 
incompatible. He then sought extreme freshness in his specimens, injecting his 
solutions into the blood immediately after the extinction of life. It was this 
circumstance which made the professors so carelessly sceptical, for they felt that 
true death had not occurred in any case. They did not stop to view the matter 
closely and reasoningly. 

It was not long after the faculty had interdicted his work that West confided to 
me his resolution to get fresh human bodies in some manner, and continue in 
secret the experiments he could no longer perform openly. To hear him 
discussing ways and means was rather ghastly, for at the college we had never 
procured anatomical specimens ourselves. Whenever the morgue proved 
inadequate, two local negroes attended to this matter, and they were seldom 
questioned. West was then a small, slender, spectacled youth with delicate 
features, yellow hair, pale blue eyes, and a soft voice, and it was uncanny to hear 
him dwelling on the relative merits of Christchurch Cemetery and the potter's 
field. We finally decided on the potter's field, because practically every body in 
Christchurch was embalmed; a thing of course ruinous to West's researches. 

I was by this time his active and enthralled assistant, and helped him make all 
his decisions, not only concerning the source of bodies but concerning a suitable 
place for our loathsome work. It was I who thought of the deserted Chapman 
farmhouse beyond Meadow Hill, where we fitted up on the ground floor an 
operating room and a laboratory, each with dark curtains to conceal our 
midnight doings. The place was far from any road, and in sight of no other 
house, yet precautions were none the less necessary; since rumours of strange 
lights, started by chance nocturnal roamers, would soon bring disaster on our 
enterprise. It was agreed to call the whole thing a chemical laboratory if 
discovery should occur. Gradually we equipped our sinister haunt of science 
with materials either purchased in Boston or quietly borrowed from the college 
— materials carefully made unrecognisable save to expert eyes — and provided 
spades and picks for the many burials we should have to make in the cellar. At 



175 



the college we used an incinerator, but the apparatus was too costly for our 
unauthorised laboratory. Bodies were always a nuisance — even the small 
guinea-pig bodies from the slight clandestine experiments in West's room at the 
boarding-house. 

We followed the local death-notices like ghouls, for our specimens demanded 
particular qualities. What we wanted were corpses interred soon after death and 
without artificial preservation; preferably free from malforming disease, and 
certainly with all organs present. Accident victims were our best hope. Not for 
many weeks did we hear of anything suitable; though we talked with morgue 
and hospital authorities, ostensibly in the college's interest, as often as we could 
without exciting suspicion. We found that the college had first choice in every 
case, so that it might be necessary to remain in Arkham during the summer, 
when only the limited summer-school classes were held. In the end, though, luck 
favoured us; for one day we heard of an almost ideal case in the potter's field; a 
brawny young workman drowned only the morning before in Summer's Pond, 
and buried at the town's expense without delay or embalming. That afternoon 
we found the new grave, and determined to begin work soon after midnight. It 
was a repulsive task that we undertook in the black small hours, even though we 
lacked at that time the special horror of graveyards which later experiences 
brought to us. We carried spades and oil dark lanterns, for although electric 
torches were then manufactured, they were not as satisfactory as the tungsten 
contrivances of today. The process of unearthing was slow and sordid — it might 
have been gruesomely poetical if we had been artists instead of scientists — and 
we were glad when our spades struck wood. When the pine box was fully 
uncovered. West scrambled down and removed the lid, dragging out and 
propping up the contents. I reached down and hauled the contents out of the 
grave, and then both toiled hard to restore the spot to its former appearance. The 
affair made us rather nervous, especially the stiff form and vacant face of our 
first trophy, but we managed to remove all traces of our visit. When we had 
patted down the last shovelful of earth, we put the specimen in a canvas sack 
and set out for the old Chapman place beyond Meadow Hill. 

On an improvised dissecting-table in the old farmhouse, by the light of a 
powerful acetylene lamp, the specimen was not very spectral looking. It had 
been a sturdy and apparently unimaginative youth of wholesome plebeian type 
— large-framed, grey-eyed, and brown-haired — a sound animal without 
psychological subtleties, and probably having vital processes of the simplest and 
healthiest sort. Now, with the eyes closed, it looked more asleep than dead; 
though the expert test of my friend soon left no doubt on that score. We had at 
last what West had always longed for — a real dead man of the ideal kind, ready 
for the solution as prepared according to the most careful calculations and 
theories for human use. The tension on our part became very great. We knew 



176 



that there was scarcely a chance for anything hke complete success, and could 
not avoid hideous fears at possible grotesque results of partial animation. 
Especially were we apprehensive concerning the mind and impulses of the 
creature, since in the space following death some of the more delicate cerebral 
cells might well have suffered deterioration. I, myself, still held some curious 
notions about the traditional "soul" of man, and felt an awe at the secrets that 
might be told by one returning from the dead. I wondered what sights this placid 
youth might have seen in inaccessible spheres, and what he could relate if fully 
restored to life. But my wonder was not overwhelming, since for the most part I 
shared the materialism of my friend. He was calmer than I as he forced a large 
quantity of his fluid into a vein of the body's arm, immediately binding the 
incision securely. 

The waiting was gruesome, but West never faltered. Every now and then he 
applied his stethoscope to the specimen, and bore the negative results 
philosophically. After about three-quarters of an hour without the least sign of 
life he disappointedly pronounced the solution inadequate, but determined to 
make the most of his opportunity and try one change in the formula before 
disposing of his ghastly prize. We had that afternoon dug a grave in the cellar, 
and would have to fill it by dawn — for although we had fixed a lock on the 
house, we wished to shun even the remotest risk of a ghoulish discovery. 
Besides, the body would not be even approximately fresh the next night. So 
taking the solitary acetylene lamp into the adjacent laboratory, we left our silent 
guest on the slab in the dark, and bent every energy to the mixing of a new 
solution; the weighing and measuring supervised by West with an almost 
fanatical care. 

The awful event was very sudden, and wholly unexpected. I was pouring 
something from one test-tube to another, and West was busy over the alcohol 
blast-lamp which had to answer for a Bunsen burner in this gasless edifice, when 
from the pitch-black room we had left there burst the most appalling and 
daemoniac succession of cries that either of us had ever heard. Not more 
unutterable could have been the chaos of hellish sound if the pit itself had 
opened to release the agony of the damned, for in one inconceivable cacophony 
was centered all the supernal terror and unnatural despair of animate nature. 
Human it could not have been — it is not in man to make such sounds — and 
without a thought of our late employment or its possible discovery, both West 
and I leaped to the nearest window like stricken animals; overturning tubes, 
lamp, and retorts, and vaulting madly into the starred abyss of the rural night. I 
think we screamed ourselves as we stumbled frantically toward the town, 
though as we reached the outskirts we put on a semblance of restraint — just 
enough to seem like belated revellers staggering home from a debauch. 



177 



We did not separate, but managed to get to West's room, where we whispered 
with the gas up until dawn. By then we had calmed ourselves a little with 
rational theories and plans for investigation, so that we could sleep through the 
day — classes being disregarded. But that evening two items in the paper, 
wholly unrelated, made it again impossible for us to sleep. The old deserted 
Chapman house had inexplicably burned to an amorphous heap of ashes; that 
we could understand because of the upset lamp. Also, an attempt had been made 
to disturb a new grave in the potter's field, as if by futile and spadeless clawing 
at the earth. That we could not understand, for we had patted down the mould 
very carefully. 

And for seventeen years after that West would look frequently over his shoulder, 
and complain of fancied footsteps behind him. Now he has disappeared. 

II. The Plague-Daemon 

Pubhshed March 1922 in Home Brew Vol. 1, No. 2, p. 45-50. 

I shall never forget that hideous summer sixteen years ago, when like a noxious 
afrite from the halls of Eblis typhoid stalked leeringly through Arkham. It is by 
that Satanic scourge that most recall the year, for truly terror brooded with bat- 
wings over the piles of coffins in the tombs of Christchurch Cemetery; yet for me 
there is a greater horror in that time — a horror known to me alone now that 
Herbert West has disappeared. 

West and I were doing post-graduate work in summer classes at the medical 
school of Miskatonic University, and my friend had attained a wide notoriety 
because of his experiments leading toward the revivification of the dead. After 
the scientific slaughter of uncounted small animals the freakish work had 
ostensibly stopped by order of our sceptical dean. Dr. Allan Halsey; though West 
had continued to perform certain secret tests in his dingy boarding-house room, 
and had on one terrible and unforgettable occasion taken a human body from its 
grave in the potter's field to a deserted farmhouse beyond Meadow Hill. 

I was with him on that odious occasion, and saw him inject into the still veins the 
elixir which he thought would to some extent restore life's chemical and physical 
processes. It had ended horribly — in a delirium of fear which we gradually 
came to attribute to our own overwrought nerves — and West had never 
afterward been able to shake off a maddening sensation of being haunted and 
hunted. The body had not been quite fresh enough; it is obvious that to restore 
normal mental attributes a body must be very fresh indeed; and the burning of 
the old house had prevented us from burying the thing. It would have been 
better if we could have known it was underground. 



178 



After that experience West had dropped his researches for some time; but as the 
zeal of the born scientist slowly returned, he again became importunate with the 
college faculty, pleading for the use of the dissecting-room and of fresh human 
specimens for the work he regarded as so overwhelmingly important. His pleas, 
however, were wholly in vain; for the decision of Dr. Halsey was inflexible, and 
the other professors all endorsed the verdict of their leader. In the radical theory 
of reanimation they saw nothing but the immature vagaries of a youthful 
enthusiast whose slight form, yellow hair, spectacled blue eyes, and soft voice 
gave no hint of the supernormal — almost diabolical — power of the cold brain 
within. I can see him now as he was then — and I shiver. He grew sterner of face, 
but never elderly. And now Sefton Asylum has had the mishap and West has 
vanished. 

West clashed disagreeably with Dr. Halsey near the end of our last 
undergraduate term in a wordy dispute that did less credit to him than to the 
kindiy dean in point of courtesy. He felt that he was needlessly and irrationally 
retarded in a supremely great work; a work which he could of course conduct to 
suit himself in later years, but which he wished to begin while still possessed of 
the exceptional facilities of the university. That the tradition-bound elders should 
ignore his singular results on animals, and persist in their denial of the 
possibility of reanimation, was inexpressibly disgusting and almost 
incomprehensible to a youth of West's logical temperament. Only greater 
maturity could help him understand the chronic mental limitations of the 
"professor-doctor" type — the product of generations of pathetic Puritanism; 
kindly, conscientious, and sometimes gentle and amiable, yet always narrow, 
intolerant, custom-ridden, and lacking in perspective. Age has more charity for 
these incomplete yet high-souled characters, whose worst real vice is timidity, 
and who are ultimately punished by general ridicule for their intellectual sins — 
sins like Ptolemaism, Calvinism, anti-Darwinism, anti-Nietzscheism, and every 
sort of Sabbatarianism and sumptuary legislation. West, young despite his 
marvellous scientific acquirements, had scant patience with good Dr. Halsey and 
his erudite colleagues; and nursed an increasing resentment, coupled with a 
desire to prove his theories to these obtuse worthies in some striking and 
dramatic fashion. Like most youths, he indulged in elaborate daydreams of 
revenge, triumph, and final magnanimous forgiveness. 

And then had come the scourge, grinning and lethal, from the nightmare caverns 
of Tartarus. West and I had graduated about the time of its beginning, but had 
remained for additional work at the summer school, so that we were in Arkham 
when it broke with full daemoniac fury upon the town. Though not as yet 
licenced physicians, we now had our degrees, and were pressed frantically into 
public service as the numbers of the stricken grew. The situation was almost past 
management, and deaths ensued too frequently for the local undertakers fully to 



179 



handle. Burials without embalming were made in rapid succession, and even the 
Christchurch Cemetery receiving tomb was crammed with coffins of the 
unembalmed dead. This circumstance was not without effect on West, who 
thought often of the irony of the situation — so many fresh specimens, yet none 
for his persecuted researches! We were frightfully overworked, and the terrific 
mental and nervous strain made my friend brood morbidly. 

But West's gentle enemies were no less harassed with prostrating duties. College 
had all but closed, and every doctor of the medical faculty was helping to fight 
the typhoid plague. Dr. Halsey in particular had distinguished himself in 
sacrificing service, applying his extreme skill with whole-hearted energy to cases 
which many others shunned because of danger or apparent hopelessness. Before 
a month was over the fearless dean had become a popular hero, though he 
seemed unconscious of his fame as he struggled to keep from collapsing with 
physical fatigue and nervous exhaustion. West could not withhold admiration 
for the fortitude of his foe, but because of this was even more determined to 
prove to him the truth of his amazing doctrines. Taking advantage of the 
disorganisation of both college work and municipal health regulations, he 
managed to get a recently deceased body smuggled into the university 
dissecting-room one night, and in my presence injected a new modification of his 
solution. The thing actually opened its eyes, but only stared at the ceiling with a 
look of soul-petrifying horror before collapsing into an inertness from which 
nothing could rouse it. West said it was not fresh enough — the hot summer air 
does not favour corpses. That time we were almost caught before we incinerated 
the thing, and West doubted the advisability of repeating his daring misuse of 
the college laboratory. 

The peak of the epidemic was reached in August. West and I were almost dead, 
and Dr. Halsey did die on the 14th. The students all attended the hasty funeral 
on the 15th, and bought an impressive wreath, though the latter was quite 
overshadowed by the tributes sent by wealthy Arkham citizens and by the 
municipality itself. It was almost a public affair, for the dean had surely been a 
public benefactor. After the entombment we were all somewhat depressed, and 
spent the afternoon at the bar of the Commercial House; where West, though 
shaken by the death of his chief opponent, chilled the rest of us with references to 
his notorious theories. Most of the students went home, or to various duties, as 
the evening advanced; but West persuaded me to aid him in "making a night of 
it." West's landlady saw us arrive at his room about two in the morning, with a 
third man between us; and told her husband that we had all evidently dined and 
wined rather well. 

Apparently this acidulous matron was right; for about 3 a.m. the whole house 
was aroused by cries coming from West's room, where when they broke down 



180 



the door, they found the two of us unconscious on the blood-stained carpet, 
beaten, scratched, and mauled, and with the broken remnants of West's bottles 
and instruments around us. Only an open window told what had become of our 
assailant, and many wondered how he himself had fared after the terrific leap 
from the second story to the lawn which he must have made. There were some 
strange garments in the room, but West upon regaining consciousness said they 
did not belong to the stranger, but were specimens collected for bacteriological 
analysis in the course of investigations on the transmission of germ diseases. He 
ordered them burnt as soon as possible in the capacious fireplace. To the police 
we both declared ignorance of our late companion's identity. He was. West 
nervously said, a congenial stranger whom we had met at some downtown bar 
of uncertain location. We had all been rather jovial, and West and I did not wish 
to have our pugnacious companion hunted down. 

That same night saw the beginning of the second Arkham horror — the horror 
that to me eclipsed the plague itself. Christchurch Cemetery was the scene of a 
terrible killing; a watchman having been clawed to death in a manner not only 
too hideous for description, but raising a doubt as to the human agency of the 
deed. The victim had been seen alive considerably after midnight — the dawn 
revealed the unutterable thing. The manager of a circus at the neighbouring town 
of Bolton was questioned, but he swore that no beast had at any time escaped 
from its cage. Those who found the body noted a trail of blood leading to the 
receiving tomb, where a small pool of red lay on the concrete just outside the 
gate. A fainter trail led away toward the woods, but it soon gave out. 

The next night devils danced on the roofs of Arkham, and unnatural madness 
howled in the wind. Through the fevered town had crept a curse which some 
said was greater than the plague, and which some whispered was the embodied 
daemon-soul of the plague itself. Eight houses were entered by a nameless thing 
which strewed red death in its wake — in all, seventeen maimed and shapeless 
remnants of bodies were left behind by the voiceless, sadistic monster that crept 
abroad. A few persons had half seen it in the dark, and said it was white and like 
a malformed ape or anthropomorphic fiend. It had not left behind quite all that it 
had attacked, for sometimes it had been hungry. The number it had killed was 
fourteen; three of the bodies had been in stricken homes and had not been alive. 

On the third night frantic bands of searchers, led by the police, captured it in a 
house on Crane Street near the Miskatonic campus. They had organised the quest 
with care, keeping in touch by means of volunteer telephone stations, and when 
someone in the college district had reported hearing a scratching at a shuttered 
window, the net was quickly spread. On account of the general alarm and 
precautions, there were only two more victims, and the capture was effected 
without major casualties. The thing was finally stopped by a bullet, though not a 



181 



fatal one, and was rushed to the local hospital amidst universal excitement and 
loathing. 

For it had been a man. This much was clear despite the nauseous eyes, the 
voiceless simianism, and the daemoniac savagery. They dressed its wound and 
carted it to the asylum at Sefton, where it beat its head against the walls of a 
padded cell for sixteen years — until the recent mishap, when it escaped under 
circumstances that few like to mention. What had most disgusted the searchers 
of Arkham was the thing they noticed when the monster's face was cleaned — 
the mocking, unbelievable resemblance to a learned and self-sacrificing martyr 
who had been entombed but three days before — the late Dr. Allan Halsey, 
public benefactor and dean of the medical school of Miskatonic University. 

To the vanished Herbert West and to me the disgust and horror were supreme. I 
shudder tonight as I think of it; shudder even more than I did that morning 
when West muttered through his bandages, "Damn it, it wasn't quite fresh 
enough!" 

III. Six Shots by MoonHght 

Pubhshed April 1922 in Home Brew Vol. 1, No. 3, p. 21-26. 

It is uncommon to fire all six shots of a revolver with great suddenness when one 
would probably be sufficient, but many things in the life of Herbert West were 
uncommon. It is, for instance, not often that a young physician leaving college is 
obliged to conceal the principles which guide his selection of a home and office, 
yet that was the case with Herbert West. When he and I obtained our degrees at 
the medical school of Miskatonic University, and sought to relieve our poverty 
by setting up as general practitioners, we took great care not to say that we chose 
our house because it was fairly well isolated, and as near as possible to the 
potter's field. 

Reticence such as this is seldom without a cause, nor indeed was ours; for our 
requirements were those resulting from a life-work distinctly unpopular. 
Outwardly we were doctors only, but beneath the surface were aims of far 
greater and more terrible moment — for the essence of Herbert West's existence 
was a quest amid black and forbidden realms of the unknown, in which he 
hoped to uncover the secret of life and restore to perpetual animation the 
graveyard's cold clay. Such a quest demands strange materials, among them 
fresh human bodies; and in order to keep supplied with these indispensable 
things one must live quietly and not far from a place of informal interment. 



182 



West and I had met in college, and I had been the only one to sympathise with 
his hideous experiments. Gradually I had come to be his inseparable assistant, 
and now that we were out of college we had to keep together. It was not easy to 
find a good opening for two doctors in company, but finally the influence of the 
university secured us a practice in Bolton — a factory town near Arkham, the 
seat of the college. The Bolton Worsted Mills are the largest in the Miskatonic 
Valley, and their polyglot employees are never popular as patients with the local 
physicians. We chose our house with the greatest care, seizing at last on a rather 
run-down cottage near the end of Pond Street; five numbers from the closest 
neighbour, and separated from the local potter's field by only a stretch of 
meadow land, bisected by a narrow neck of the rather dense forest which lies to 
the north. The distance was greater than we wished, but we could get no nearer 
house without going on the other side of the field, wholly out of the factory 
district. We were not much displeased, however, since there were no people 
between us and our sinister source of supplies. The walk was a trifle long, but we 
could haul our silent specimens undisturbed. 

Our practice was surprisingly large from the very first — large enough to please 
most young doctors, and large enough to prove a bore and a burden to students 
whose real interest lay elsewhere. The mill-hands were of somewhat turbulent 
inclinations; and besides their many natural needs, their frequent clashes and 
stabbing affrays gave us plenty to do. But what actually absorbed our minds was 
the secret laboratory we had fitted up in the cellar — the laboratory with the long 
table under the electric lights, where in the small hours of the morning we often 
injected West's various solutions into the veins of the things we dragged from 
the potter's field. West was experimenting madly to find something which 
would start man's vital motions anew after they had been stopped by the thing 
we call death, but had encountered the most ghastly obstacles. The solution had 
to be differently compounded for different types — what would serve for 
guinea-pigs would not serve for human beings, and different human specimens 
required large modifications. 

The bodies had to be exceedingly fresh, or the slight decomposition of brain 
tissue would render perfect reanimation impossible. Indeed, the greatest 
problem was to get them fresh enough — West had had horrible experiences 
during his secret college researches with corpses of doubtful vintage. The results 
of partial or imperfect animation were much more hideous than were the total 
failures, and we both held fearsome recollections of such things. Ever since our 
first daemoniac session in the deserted farmhouse on Meadow Hill in Arkham, 
we had felt a brooding menace; and West, though a calm, blond, blue-eyed 
scientific automaton in most respects, often confessed to a shuddering sensation 
of stealthy pursuit. He half felt that he was followed — a psychological delusion 
of shaken nerves, enhanced by the undeniably disturbing fact that at least one of 



183 



our reanimated specimens was still alive — a frightful carnivorous thing in a 
padded cell at Sefton. Then there was another — our first — whose exact fate we 
had never learned. 

We had fair luck with specimens in Bolton — much better than in Arkham. We 
had not been settled a week before we got an accident victim on the very night of 
burial, and made it open its eyes with an amazingly rational expression before 
the solution failed. It had lost an arm — if it had been a perfect body we might 
have succeeded better. Between then and the next January we secured three 
more; one total failure, one case of marked muscular motion, and one rather 
shivery thing — it rose of itself and uttered a sound. Then came a period when 
luck was poor; interments fell off, and those that did occur were of specimens 
either too diseased or too maimed for use. We kept track of all the deaths and 
their circumstances with systematic care. 

One March night, however, we unexpectedly obtained a specimen which did not 
come from the potter's field. In Bolton the prevailing spirit of Puritanism had 
outlawed the sport of boxing — with the usual result. Surreptitious and ill- 
conducted bouts among the mill-workers were common, and occasionally 
professional talent of low grade was imported. This late winter night there had 
been such a match; evidently with disastrous results, since two timorous Poles 
had come to us with incoherently whispered entreaties to attend to a very secret 
and desperate case. We followed them to an abandoned barn, where the 
remnants of a crowd of frightened foreigners were watching a silent black form 
on the floor. 

The match had been between Kid O'Brien — a lubberly and now quaking youth 
with a most un-Hibernian hooked nose — and Buck Robinson, "The Harlem 
Smoke." The negro had been knocked out, and a moment's examination shewed 
us that he would permanently remain so. He was a loathsome, gorilla-like thing, 
with abnormally long arms which I could not help calling fore legs, and a face 
that conjured up thoughts of unspeakable Congo secrets and tom-tom poundings 
under an eerie moon. The body must have looked even worse in life — but the 
world holds many ugly things. Fear was upon the whole pitiful crowd, for they 
did not know what the law would exact of them if the affair were not hushed up; 
and they were grateful when West, in spite of my involuntary shudders, offered 
to get rid of the thing quietly — for a purpose I knew too well. 

There was bright moonlight over the snowless landscape, but we dressed the 
thing and carried it home between us through the deserted streets and meadows, 
as we had carried a similar thing one horrible night in Arkham. We approached 
the house from the field in the rear, took the specimen in the back door and 
down the cellar stairs, and prepared it for the usual experiment. Our fear of the 



184 



police was absurdly great, though we had timed our trip to avoid the solitary 
patrolman of that section. 

The result was wearily anticlimactic. Ghastly as our prize appeared, it was 
wholly unresponsive to every solution we injected in its black arm; solutions 
prepared from experience with white specimens only. So as the hour grew 
dangerously near to dawn, we did as we had done with the others — dragged 
the thing across the meadows to the neck of the woods near the potter's field, 
and buried it there in the best sort of grave the frozen ground would furnish. The 
grave was not very deep, but fully as good as that of the previous specimen — 
the thing which had risen of itself and uttered a sound. In the light of our dark 
lanterns we carefully covered it with leaves and dead vines, fairly certain that the 
police would never find it in a forest so dim and dense. 

The next day I was increasingly apprehensive about the police, for a patient 
brought rumours of a suspected fight and death. West had still another source of 
worry, for he had been called in the afternoon to a case which ended very 
threateningly. An Italian woman had become hysterical over her missing child — 
a lad of five who had strayed off early in the morning and failed to appear for 
dinner — and had developed symptoms highly alarming in view of an always 
weak heart. It was a very foolish hysteria, for the boy had often run away before; 
but Italian peasants are exceedingly superstitious, and this woman seemed as 
much harassed by omens as by facts. About seven o'clock in the evening she had 
died, and her frantic husband had made a frightful scene in his efforts to kill 
West, whom he wildly blamed for not saving her life. Friends had held him 
when he drew a stiletto, but West departed amidst his inhuman shrieks, curses 
and oaths of vengeance. In his latest affliction the fellow seemed to have 
forgotten his child, who was still missing as the night advanced. There was some 
talk of searching the woods, but most of the family's friends were busy with the 
dead woman and the screaming man. Altogether, the nervous strain upon West 
must have been tremendous. Thoughts of the police and of the mad Italian both 
weighed heavily. 

We retired about eleven, but I did not sleep well. Bolton had a surprisingly good 
police force for so small a town, and I could not help fearing the mess which 
would ensue if the affair of the night before were ever tracked down. It might 
mean the end of all our local work — and perhaps prison for both West and me. I 
did not like those rumours of a fight which were floating about. After the clock 
had struck three the moon shone in my eyes, but I turned over without rising to 
pull down the shade. Then came the steady rattling at the back door. 

I lay still and somewhat dazed, but before long heard West's rap on my door. He 
was clad in dressing- gown and slippers, and had in his hands a revolver and an 



185 



electric flashlight. From the revolver I knew that he was thinking more of the 
crazed Italian than of the police. 

"We'd better both go/' he whispered. "It wouldn't do not to answer it anyway, 
and it may be a patient — it would be like one of those fools to try the back 
door." 

So we both went down the stairs on tiptoe, with a fear partly justified and partly 
that which comes only from the soul of the weird small hours. The rattling 
continued, growing somewhat louder. When we reached the door I cautiously 
unbolted it and threw it open, and as the moon streamed revealingly down on 
the form silhouetted there. West did a peculiar thing. Despite the obvious danger 
of attracting notice and bringing down on our heads the dreaded police 
investigation — a thing which after all was mercifully averted by the relative 
isolation of our cottage — my friend suddenly, excitedly, and unnecessarily 
emptied all six chambers of his revolver into the nocturnal visitor. 

For that visitor was neither Italian nor policeman. Looming hideously against the 
spectral moon was a gigantic misshapen thing not to be imagined save in 
nightmares — a glassy-eyed, ink-black apparition nearly on all fours, covered 
with bits of mould, leaves, and vines, foul with caked blood, and having between 
its glistening teeth a snow-white, terrible, cylindrical object terminating in a tiny 
hand. 

IV. The Scream of the Dead 

Pubhshed May 1922 in Home Brew Vol. 1, No. 4, p. 53-58. 

The scream of a dead man gave to me that acute and added horror of Dr. Herbert 
West which harassed the latter years of our companionship. It is natural that 
such a thing as a dead man's scream should give horror, for it is obviously, not a 
pleasing or ordinary occurrence; but I was used to similar experiences, hence 
suffered on this occasion only because of a particular circumstance. And, as I 
have implied, it was not of the dead man himself that I became afraid. 

Herbert West, whose associate and assistant I was, possessed scientific interests 
far beyond the usual routine of a village physician. That was why, when 
establishing his practice in Bolton, he had chosen an isolated house near the 
potter's field. Briefly and brutally stated. West's sole absorbing interest was a 
secret study of the phenomena of life and its cessation, leading toward the 
reanimation of the dead through injections of an excitant solution. For this 
ghastly experimenting it was necessary to have a constant supply of very fresh 
human bodies; very fresh because even the least decay hopelessly damaged the 



186 



brain structure, and human because we found that the solution had to be 
compounded differently for different types of organisms. Scores of rabbits and 
guinea-pigs had been killed and treated, but their trail was a blind one. West had 
never fully succeeded because he had never been able to secure a corpse 
sufficiently fresh. What he wanted were bodies from which vitality had only just 
departed; bodies with every cell intact and capable of receiving again the 
impulse toward that mode of motion called life. There was hope that this second 
and artificial life might be made perpetual by repetitions of the injection, but we 
had learned that an ordinary natural life would not respond to the action. To 
establish the artificial motion, natural life must be extinct — the specimens must 
be very fresh, but genuinely dead. 

The awesome quest had begun when West and I were students at the Miskatonic 
University Medical School in Arkham, vividly conscious for the first time of the 
thoroughly mechanical nature of life. That was seven years before, but West 
looked scarcely a day older now — he was small, blond, clean-shaven, soft- 
voiced, and spectacled, with only an occasional flash of a cold blue eye to tell of 
the hardening and growing fanaticism of his character under the pressure of his 
terrible investigations. Our experiences had often been hideous in the extreme; 
the results of defective reanimation, when lumps of graveyard clay had been 
galvanised into morbid, unnatural, and brainless motion by various 
modifications of the vital solution. 

One thing had uttered a nerve-shattering scream; another had risen violently, 
beaten us both to unconsciousness, and run amuck in a shocking way before it 
could be placed behind asylum bars; still another, a loathsome African 
monstrosity, had clawed out of its shallow grave and done a deed — West had 
had to shoot that object. We could not get bodies fresh enough to shew any trace 
of reason when reanimated, so had perforce created nameless horrors. It was 
disturbing to think that one, perhaps two, of our monsters still lived — that 
thought haunted us shadowingly, till finally West disappeared under frightful 
circumstances. But at the time of the scream in the cellar laboratory of the 
isolated Bolton cottage, our fears were subordinate to our anxiety for extremely 
fresh specimens. West was more avid than I, so that it almost seemed to me that 
he looked half-covetously at any very healthy living physique. 

It was in July, 1910, that the bad luck regarding specimens began to turn. I had 
been on a long visit to my parents in Illinois, and upon my return found West in 
a state of singular elation. He had, he told me excitedly, in all likelihood solved 
the problem of freshness through an approach from an entirely new angle — that 
of artificial preservation. I had known that he was working on a new and highly 
unusual embalming compound, and was not surprised that it had turned out 
well; but until he explained the details I was rather puzzled as to how such a 



187 



compound could help in our work, since the objectionable staleness of the 
specimens was largely due to delay occurring before we secured them. This, I 
now saw. West had clearly recognised; creating his embalming compound for 
future rather than immediate use, and trusting to fate to supply again some very 
recent and unburied corpse, as it had years before when we obtained the negro 
killed in the Bolton prize-fight. At last fate had been kind, so that on this occasion 
there lay in the secret cellar laboratory a corpse whose decay could not by any 
possibility have begun. What would happen on reanimation, and whether we 
could hope for a revival of mind and reason. West did not venture to predict. The 
experiment would be a landmark in our studies, and he had saved the new body 
for my return, so that both might share the spectacle in accustomed fashion. 

West told me how he had obtained the specimen. It had been a vigorous man; a 
well-dressed stranger just off the train on his way to transact some business with 
the Bolton Worsted Mills. The walk through the town had been long, and by the 
time the traveller paused at our cottage to ask the way to the factories, his heart 
had become greatly overtaxed. He had refused a stimulant, and had suddenly 
dropped dead only a moment later. The body, as might be expected, seemed to 
West a heaven-sent gift. In his brief conversation the stranger had made it clear 
that he was unknown in Bolton, and a search of his pockets subsequently 
revealed him to be one Robert Leavitt of St. Louis, apparently without a family to 
make instant inquiries about his disappearance. If this man could not be restored 
to life, no one would know of our experiment. We buried our materials in a 
dense strip of woods between the house and the potter's field. If, on the other 
hand, he could be restored, our fame would be brilliantly and perpetually 
established. So without delay West had injected into the body's wrist the 
compound which would hold it fresh for use after my arrival. The matter of the 
presumably weak heart, which to my mind imperilled the success of our 
experiment, did not appear to trouble West extensively. He hoped at last to 
obtain what he had never obtained before — a rekindled spark of reason and 
perhaps a normal, living creature. 

So on the night of July 18, 1910, Herbert West and I stood in the cellar laboratory 
and gazed at a white, silent figure beneath the dazzling arc-light. The embalming 
compound had worked uncannily well, for as I stared fascinatedly at the sturdy 
frame which had lain two weeks without stiffening, I was moved to seek West's 
assurance that the thing was really dead. This assurance he gave readily enough; 
reminding me that the reanimating solution was never used without careful tests 
as to life, since it could have no effect if any of the original vitality were present. 
As West proceeded to take preliminary steps, I was impressed by the vast 
intricacy of the new experiment; an intricacy so vast that he could trust no hand 
less delicate than his own. Forbidding me to touch the body, he first injected a 
drug in the wrist just beside the place his needle had punctured when injecting 



188 



the embalming compound. This, he said, was to neutrahse the compound and 
release the system to a normal relaxation so that the reanimating solution might 
freely work when injected. Slightly later, when a change and a gentle tremor 
seemed to affect the dead limbs; West stuffed a pillow-like object violently over 
the twitching face, not withdrawing it until the corpse appeared quiet and ready 
for our attempt at reanimation. The pale enthusiast now applied some last 
perfunctory tests for absolute lifelessness, withdrew satisfied, and finally injected 
into the left arm an accurately measured amount of the vital elixir, prepared 
during the afternoon with a greater care than we had used since college days, 
when our feats were new and groping. I cannot express the wild, breathless 
suspense with which we waited for results on this first really fresh specimen — 
the first we could reasonably expect to open its lips in rational speech, perhaps to 
tell of what it had seen beyond the unfathomable abyss. 

West was a materialist, believing in no soul and attributing all the working of 
consciousness to bodily phenomena; consequently he looked for no revelation of 
hideous secrets from gulfs and caverns beyond death's barrier. I did not wholly 
disagree with him theoretically, yet held vague instinctive remnants of the 
primitive faith of my forefathers; so that I could not help eyeing the corpse with a 
certain amount of awe and terrible expectation. Besides — I could not extract 
from my memory that hideous, inhuman shriek we heard on the night we tried 
our first experiment in the deserted farmhouse at Arkham. 

Very little time had elapsed before I saw the attempt was not to be a total failure. 
A touch of colour came to cheeks hitherto chalk-white, and spread out under the 
curiously ample stubble of sandy beard. West, who had his hand on the pulse of 
the left wrist, suddenly nodded significantly; and almost simultaneously a mist 
appeared on the mirror inclined above the body's mouth. There followed a few 
spasmodic muscular motions, and then an audible breathing and visible motion 
of the chest. I looked at the closed eyelids, and thought I detected a quivering. 
Then the lids opened, shewing eyes which were grey, calm, and alive, but still 
unintelligent and not even curious. 

In a moment of fantastic whim I whispered questions to the reddening ears; 
questions of other worlds of which the memory might still be present. 
Subsequent terror drove them from my mind, but I think the last one, which I 
repeated, was: "Where have you been?" I do not yet know whether I was 
answered or not, for no sound came from the well-shaped mouth; but I do know 
that at that moment I firmly thought the thin lips moved silently, forming 
syllables which I would have vocalised as "only now" if that phrase had 
possessed any sense or relevancy. At that moment, as I say, I was elated with the 
conviction that the one great goal had been attained; and that for the first time a 
reanimated corpse had uttered distinct words impelled by actual reason. In the 



189 



next moment there was no doubt about the triumph; no doubt that the solution 
had truly accomplished, at least temporarily, its full mission of restoring rational 
and articulate life to the dead. But in that triumph there came to me the greatest 
of all horrors — not horror of the thing that spoke, but of the deed that I had 
witnessed and of the man with whom my professional fortunes were joined. 

For that very fresh body, at last writhing into full and terrifying consciousness 
with eyes dilated at the memory of its last scene on earth, threw out its frantic 
hands in a life and death struggle with the air, and suddenly collapsing into a 
second and final dissolution from which there could be no return, screamed out 
the cry that will ring eternally in my aching brain: 

"Help! Keep off, you cursed little tow-head fiend — keep that damned needle 
away from me!" 

V. The Horror From the Shadows 

Pubhshed June 1922 in Home Brew Vol. 1, No. 5, p. 45-50. 

Many men have related hideous things, not mentioned in print, which happened 
on the battlefields of the Great War. Some of these things have made me faint, 
others have convulsed me with devastating nausea, while still others have made 
me tremble and look behind me in the dark; yet despite the worst of them I 
believe I can myself relate the most hideous thing of all — the shocking, the 
unnatural, the unbelievable horror from the shadows. 

In 1915 I was a physician with the rank of First Lieutenant in a Canadian 
regiment in Flanders, one of many Americans to precede the government itself 
into the gigantic struggle. I had not entered the army on my own initiative, but 
rather as a natural result of the enlistment of the man whose indispensable 
assistant I was — the celebrated Boston surgical specialist. Dr. Herbert West. Dr. 
West had been avid for a chance to serve as surgeon in a great war, and when the 
chance had come, he carried me with him almost against my will. There were 
reasons why I could have been glad to let the war separate us; reasons why I 
found the practice of medicine and the companionship of West more and more 
irritating; but when he had gone to Ottawa and through a colleague's influence 
secured a medical commission as Major, I could not resist the imperious 
persuasion of one determined that I should accompany him in my usual 
capacity. 

When I say that Dr. West was avid to serve in battle, I do not mean to imply that 
he was either naturally warlike or anxious for the safety of civilisation. Always 
an ice-cold intellectual machine; slight, blond, blue-eyed, and spectacled; I think 



190 



he secretly sneered at my occasional martial enthusiasms and censures of supine 
neutrality. There was, however, something he wanted in embattled Flanders; and 
in order to secure it had had to assume a military exterior. What he wanted was 
not a thing which many persons want, but something connected with the 
peculiar branch of medical science which he had chosen quite clandestinely to 
follow, and in which he had achieved amazing and occasionally hideous results. 
It was, in fact, nothing more or less than an abundant supply of freshly killed 
men in every stage of dismemberment. 

Herbert West needed fresh bodies because his life-work was the reanimation of 
the dead. This work was not known to the fashionable clientele who had so 
swiftly built up his fame after his arrival in Boston; but was only too well known 
to me, who had been his closest friend and sole assistant since the old days in 
Miskatonic University Medical School at Arkham. It was in those college days 
that he had begun his terrible experiments, first on small animals and then on 
human bodies shockingly obtained. There was a solution which he injected into 
the veins of dead things, and if they were fresh enough they responded in 
strange ways. He had had much trouble in discovering the proper formula, for 
each type of organism was found to need a stimulus especially adapted to it. 
Terror stalked him when he reflected on his partial failures; nameless things 
resulting from imperfect solutions or from bodies insufficiently fresh. A certain 
number of these failures had remained alive — one was in an asylum while 
others had vanished — and as he thought of conceivable yet virtually impossible 
eventualities he often shivered beneath his usual stolidity. 

West had soon learned that absolute freshness was the prime requisite for useful 
specimens, and had accordingly resorted to frightful and unnatural expedients in 
body-snatching. In college, and during our early practice together in the factory 
town of Bolton, my attitude toward him had been largely one of fascinated 
admiration; but as his boldness in methods grew, I began to develop a gnawing 
fear. I did not like the way he looked at healthy living bodies; and then there 
came a nightmarish session in the cellar laboratory when I learned that a certain 
specimen had been a living body when he secured it. That was the first time he 
had ever been able to revive the quality of rational thought in a corpse; and his 
success, obtained at such a loathsome cost, had completely hardened him. 

Of his methods in the intervening five years I dare not speak. I was held to him 
by sheer force of fear, and witnessed sights that no human tongue could repeat. 
Gradually I came to find Herbert West himself more horrible than anything he 
did — that was when it dawned on me that his once normal scientific zeal for 
prolonging life had subtly degenerated into a mere morbid and ghoulish 
curiosity and secret sense of charnel picturesqueness. His interest became a 
hellish and perverse addiction to the repellently and fiendishly abnormal; he 



191 



gloated calmly over artificial monstrosities which would make most healthy men 
drop dead from fright and disgust; he became, behind his pallid intellectuality, a 
fastidious Baudelaire of physical experiment — a languid Elagabalus of the 
tombs. 

Dangers he met unflinchingly; crimes he committed unmoved. I think the climax 
came when he had proved his point that rational life can be restored, and had 
sought new worlds to conquer by experimenting on the reanimation of detached 
parts of bodies. He had wild and original ideas on the independent vital 
properties of organic cells and nerve-tissue separated from natural physiological 
systems; and achieved some hideous preliminary results in the form of never- 
dying, artificially nourished tissue obtained from the nearly hatched eggs of an 
indescribable tropical reptile. Two biological points he was exceedingly anxious 
to settle — first, whether any amount of consciousness and rational action be 
possible without the brain, proceeding from the spinal cord and various nerve- 
centres; and second, whether any kind of ethereal, intangible relation distinct 
from the material cells may exist to link the surgically separated parts of what 
has previously been a single living organism. All this research work required a 
prodigious supply of freshly slaughtered human flesh — and that was why 
Herbert West had entered the Great War. 

The phantasmal, unmentionable thing occurred one midnight late in March, 
1915, in a field hospital behind the lines of St. Eloi. I wonder even now if it could 
have been other than a daemoniac dream of delirium. West had a private 
laboratory in an east room of the barn-like temporary edifice, assigned him on 
his plea that he was devising new and radical methods for the treatment of 
hitherto hopeless cases of maiming. There he worked like a butcher in the midst 
of his gory wares — I could never get used to the levity with which he handled 
and classified certain things. At times he actually did perform marvels of surgery 
for the soldiers; but his chief delights were of a less public and philanthropic 
kind, requiring many explanations of sounds which seemed peculiar even 
amidst that babel of the damned. Among these sounds were frequent revolver- 
shots — surely not uncommon on a battlefield, but distinctly uncommon in an 
hospital. Dr. West's reanimated specimens were not meant for long existence or a 
large audience. Besides human tissue. West employed much of the reptile 
embryo tissue which he had cultivated with such singular results. It was better 
than human material for maintaining life in organless fragments, and that was 
now my friend's chief activity. In a dark corner of the laboratory, over a queer 
incubating burner, he kept a large covered vat full of this reptilian cell-matter; 
which multiplied and grew puffily and hideously. 

On the night of which I speak we had a splendid new specimen — a man at once 
physically powerful and of such high mentality that a sensitive nervous system 



192 



was assured. It was rather ironic, for he was the officer who had helped West to 
his commission, and who was now to have been our associate. Moreover, he had 
in the past secretly studied the theory of reanimation to some extent under West. 
Major Sir Eric Moreland Clapham-Lee, D.S.O., was the greatest surgeon in our 
division, and had been hastily assigned to the St. Eloi sector when news of the 
heavy fighting reached headquarters. He had come in an aeroplane piloted by 
the intrepid Lieut. Ronald Hill, only to be shot down when directly over his 
destination. The fall had been spectacular and awful; Hill was unrecognisable 
afterward, but the wreck yielded up the great surgeon in a nearly decapitated 
but otherwise intact condition. West had greedily seized the lifeless thing which 
had once been his friend and fellow-scholar; and I shuddered when he finished 
severing the head, placed it in his hellish vat of pulpy reptile-tissue to preserve it 
for future experiments, and proceeded to treat the decapitated body on the 
operating table. He injected new blood, joined certain veins, arteries, and nerves 
at the headless neck, and closed the ghastly aperture with engrafted skin from an 
unidentified specimen which had borne an officer's uniform. I knew what he 
wanted — to see if this highly organised body could exhibit, without its head, 
any of the signs of mental life which had distinguished Sir Eric Moreland 
Clapham-Lee. Once a student of reanimation, this silent trunk was now 
gruesomely called upon to exemplify it. 

I can still see Herbert West under the sinister electric light as he injected his 
reanimating solution into the arm of the headless body. The scene I cannot 
describe — I should faint if I tried it, for there is madness in a room full of 
classified charnel things, with blood and lesser human debris almost ankle-deep 
on the slimy floor, and with hideous reptilian abnormalities sprouting, bubbling, 
and baking over a winking bluish-green spectre of dim flame in a far corner of 
black shadows. 

The specimen, as West repeatedly observed, had a splendid nervous system. 
Much was expected of it; and as a few twitching motions began to appear, I 
could see the feverish interest on West's face. He was ready, I think, to see proof 
of his increasingly strong opinion that consciousness, reason, and personality can 
exist independently of the brain — that man has no central connective spirit, but 
is merely a machine of nervous matter, each section more or less complete in 
itself. In one triumphant demonstration West was about to relegate the mystery 
of life to the category of myth. The body now twitched more vigorously, and 
beneath our avid eyes commenced to heave in a frightful way. The arms stirred 
disquietingly, the legs drew up, and various muscles contracted in a repulsive 
kind of writhing. Then the headless thing threw out its arms in a gesture which 
was unmistakably one of desperation — an intelligent desperation apparently 
sufficient to prove every theory of Herbert West. Certainly, the nerves were 
recalling the man's last act in life; the struggle to get free of the falling aeroplane. 



193 



What followed, I shall never positively know. It may have been wholly an 
hallucination from the shock caused at that instant by the sudden and complete 
destruction of the building in a cataclysm of German shell-fire — who can 
gainsay it, since West and I were the only proved survivors? West liked to think 
that before his recent disappearance, but there were times when he could not; for 
it was queer that we both had the same hallucination. The hideous occurrence 
itself was very simple, notable only for what it implied. 

The body on the table had risen with a blind and terrible groping, and we had 
heard a sound. I should not call that sound a voice, for it was too awful. And yet 
its timbre was not the most awful thing about it. Neither was its message — it 
had merely screamed, "Jump, Ronald, for God's sake, jump!" The awful thing 
was its source. 

For it had come from the large covered vat in that ghoulish corner of crawling 
black shadows. 

VI. The Tomb-Legions 

Pubhshed July 1922 in Home Brew Vol. 1, No. 6, p. 57-62. 

When Dr. Herbert West disappeared a year ago, the Boston police questioned me 
closely. They suspected that I was holding something back, and perhaps 
suspected graver things; but I could not tell them the truth because they would 
not have believed it. They knew, indeed, that West had been connected with 
activities beyond the credence of ordinary men; for his hideous experiments in 
the reanimation of dead bodies had long been too extensive to admit of perfect 
secrecy; but the final soul-shattering catastrophe held elements of daemoniac 
phantasy which make even me doubt the reality of what I saw. 

I was West's closest friend and only confidential assistant. We had met years 
before, in medical school, and from the first I had shared his terrible researches. 
He had slowly tried to perfect a solution which, injected into the veins of the 
newly deceased, would restore life; a labour demanding an abundance of fresh 
corpses and therefore involving the most unnatural actions. Still more shocking 
were the products of some of the experiments — grisly masses of flesh that had 
been dead, but that West waked to a blind, brainless, nauseous ammation. These 
were the usual results, for in order to reawaken the mind it was necessary to 
have specimens so absolutely fresh that no decay could possibly affect the 
delicate brain- cells. 

This need for very fresh corpses had been West's moral undoing. They were hard 
to get, and one awful day he had secured his specimen while it was still alive and 



194 



vigorous. A struggle, a needle, and a powerful alkaloid had transformed it to a 
very fresh corpse, and the experiment had succeeded for a brief and memorable 
moment; but West had emerged with a soul calloused and seared, and a 
hardened eye which sometimes glanced with a kind of hideous and calculating 
appraisal at men of especially sensitive brain and especially vigorous physique. 
Toward the last I became acutely afraid of West, for he began to look at me that 
way. People did not seem to notice his glances, but they noticed my fear; and 
after his disappearance used that as a basis for some absurd suspicions. 

West, in reality, was more afraid than I; for his abominable pursuits entailed a 
life of furtiveness and dread of every shadow. Partly it was the police he feared; 
but sometimes his nervousness was deeper and more nebulous, touching on 
certain indescribable things into which he had injected a morbid life, and from 
which he had not seen that life depart. He usually finished his experiments with 
a revolver, but a few times he had not been quick enough. There was that first 
specimen on whose rifled grave marks of clawing were later seen. There was also 
that Arkham professor's body which had done cannibal things before it had been 
captured and thrust unidentified into a madhouse cell at Sefton, where it beat the 
walls for sixteen years. Most of the other possibly surviving results were things 
less easy to speak of — for in later years West's scientific zeal had degenerated to 
an unhealthy and fantastic mania, and he had spent his chief skill in vitalising 
not entire human bodies but isolated parts of bodies, or parts joined to organic 
matter other than human. It had become fiendishly disgusting by the time he 
disappeared; many of the experiments could not even be hinted at in print. The 
Great War, through which both of us served as surgeons, had intensified this 
side of West. 

In saying that West's fear of his specimens was nebulous, I have in mind 
particularly its complex nature. Part of it came merely from knowing of the 
existence of such nameless monsters, while another part arose from 
apprehension of the bodily harm they might under certain circumstances do him. 
Their disappearance added horror to the situation — of them all. West knew the 
whereabouts of only one, the pitiful asylum thing. Then there was a more subtle 
fear — a very fantastic sensation resulting from a curious experiment in the 
Canadian army in 1915. West, in the midst of a severe battle, had reanimated 
Major Sir Eric Moreland Clapham-Lee, D.S.O., a fellow-physician who knew 
about his experiments and could have duplicated them. The head had been 
removed, so that the possibilities of quasi-intelligent life in the trunk might be 
investigated. Just as the building was wiped out by a German shell, there had 
been a success. The trunk had moved intelligently; and, unbelievable to relate, 
we were both sickeningly sure that articulate sounds had come from the 
detached head as it lay in a shadowy corner of the laboratory. The shell had been 
merciful, in a way — but West could never feel as certain as he wished, that we 



195 



two were the only survivors. He used to make shuddering conjectures about the 
possible actions of a headless physician with the power of reanimating the dead. 

West's last quarters were in a venerable house of much elegance, overlooking 
one of the oldest burying- grounds in Boston. He had chosen the place for purely 
symbolic and fantastically aesthetic reasons, since most of the interments were of 
the colonial period and therefore of little use to a scientist seeking very fresh 
bodies. The laboratory was in a sub-cellar secretly constructed by imported 
workmen, and contained a huge incinerator for the quiet and complete disposal 
of such bodies, or fragments and synthetic mockeries of bodies, as might remain 
from the morbid experiments and unhallowed amusements of the owner. During 
the excavation of this cellar the workmen had struck some exceedingly ancient 
masonry; undoubtedly connected with the old burying-ground, yet far too deep 
to correspond with any known sepulchre therein. After a number of calculations 
West decided that it represented some secret chamber beneath the tomb of the 
Averills, where the last interment had been made in 1768. I was with him when 
he studied the nitrous, dripping walls laid bare by the spades and mattocks of 
the men, and was prepared for the gruesome thrill which would attend the 
uncovering of centuried grave-secrets; but for the first time West's new timidity 
conquered his natural curiosity, and he betrayed his degenerating fibre by 
ordering the masonry left intact and plastered over. Thus it remained till that 
final hellish night; part of the walls of the secret laboratory. I speak of West's 
decadence, but must add that it was a purely mental and intangible thing. 
Outwardly he was the same to the last — calm, cold, slight, and yellow-haired, 
with spectacled blue eyes and a general aspect of youth which years and fears 
seemed never to change. He seemed calm even when he thought of that clawed 
grave and looked over his shoulder; even when he thought of the carnivorous 
thing that gnawed and pawed at Sefton bars. 

The end of Herbert West began one evening in our joint study when he was 
dividing his curious glance between the newspaper and me. A strange headline 
item had struck at him from the crumpled pages, and a nameless titan claw had 
seemed to reach down through sixteen years. Something fearsome and incredible 
had happened at Sefton Asylum fifty miles away, stunning the neighbourhood 
and baffling the police. In the small hours of the morning a body of silent men 
had entered the grounds, and their leader had aroused the attendants. He was a 
menacing military figure who talked without moving his lips and whose voice 
seemed almost ventriloquially connected with an immense black case he carried. 
His expressionless face was handsome to the point of radiant beauty, but had 
shocked the superintendent when the hall light fell on it — for it was a wax face 
with eyes of painted glass. Some nameless accident had befallen this man. A 
larger man guided his steps; a repellent hulk whose bluish face seemed half 
eaten away by some unknown malady. The speaker had asked for the custody of 



196 



the cannibal monster committed from Arkham sixteen years before; and upon 
being refused, gave a signal which precipitated a shocking riot. The fiends had 
beaten, trampled, and bitten every attendant who did not flee; killing four and 
finally succeeding in the liberation of the monster. Those victims who could 
recall the event without hysteria swore that the creatures had acted less like men 
than like unthinkable automata guided by the wax-faced leader. By the time help 
could be summoned, every trace of the men and of their mad charge had 
vanished. 

From the hour of reading this item until midmght. West sat almost paralysed. At 
midnight the doorbell rang, startling him fearfully. All the servants were asleep 
in the attic, so I answered the bell. As I have told the police, there was no wagon 
in the street, but only a group of strange-looking figures bearing a large square 
box which they deposited in the hallway after one of them had grunted in a 
highly unnatural voice, "Express — prepaid." They filed out of the house with a 
jerky tread, and as I watched them go I had an odd idea that they were turning 
toward the ancient cemetery on which the back of the house abutted. When I 
slammed the door after them West came downstairs and looked at the box. It 
was about two feet square, and bore West's correct name and present address. It 
also bore the inscription, "From Eric Moreland Clapham-Lee, St. Eloi, Flanders." 
Six years before, in Flanders, a shelled hospital had fallen upon the headless 
reanimated trunk of Dr. Clapham-Lee, and upon the detached head which — 
perhaps — had uttered articulate sounds. 

West was not even excited now. His condition was more ghastly. Quickly he 
said, "It's the finish — but let's incinerate — this." We carried the thing down to 
the laboratory — listening. I do not remember many particulars — you can 
imagine my state of mind — but it is a vicious lie to say it was Herbert West's 
body which I put into the incinerator. We both inserted the whole unopened 
wooden box, closed the door, and started the electricity. Nor did any sound come 
from the box, after all. 

It was West who first noticed the falling plaster on that part of the wall where the 
ancient tomb masonry had been covered up. I was going to run, but he stopped 
me. Then I saw a small black aperture, felt a ghoulish wind of ice, and smelled 
the charnel bowels of a putrescent earth. There was no sound, but just then the 
electric lights went out and I saw outlined against some phosphorescence of the 
nether world a horde of silent toiling things which only insanity — or worse — 
could create. Their outlines were human, semi-human, fractionally human, and 
not human at all — the horde was grotesquely heterogeneous. They were 
removing the stones quietly, one by one, from the centuried wall. And then, as 
the breach became large enough, they came out into the laboratory in single file; 
led by a talking thing with a beautiful head made of wax. A sort of mad-eyed 



197 



monstrosity behind the leader seized on Herbert West. West did not resist or 
utter a sound. Then they all sprang at him and tore him to pieces before my eyes, 
bearing the fragments away into that subterranean vault of fabulous 
abominations. West's head was carried off by the wax-headed leader, who wore 
a Canadian officer's uniform. As it disappeared I saw that the blue eyes behind 
the spectacles were hideously blazing with their first touch of frantic, visible 
emotion. 

Servants found me unconscious in the morning. West was gone. The incinerator 
contained only unidentifiable ashes. Detectives have questioned me, but what 
can I say? The Sefton tragedy they will not connect with West; not that, nor the 
men with the box, whose existence they deny. I told them of the vault, and they 
pointed to the unbroken plaster wall and laughed. So I told them no more. They 
imply that I am either a madman or a murderer — probably I am mad. But I 
might not be mad if those accursed tomb- legions had not been so silent. 



198 



Hypnos 

Written Mar 1922 

Published May 1923 in The National Amateur, Vol. 45, No. 5, pages 1-3. 

Apropos of sleep, that sinister adventure of all our nights, we may say that men 
go to bed daily with an audacity that would be incomprehensible if we did not 
know that it is the result of ignorance of the danger. 

- Baudelaire 

May the merciful gods, if indeed there be such, guard those hours when no 
power of the will, or drug that the cunning of man devises, can keep me from the 
chasm of sleep. Death is merciful, for there is no return therefrom, but with him 
who has come back out of the nethermost chambers of night, haggard and 
knowing, peace rests nevermore. Fool that I was to plunge with such 
unsanctioned phrensy into mysteries no man was meant to penetrate; fool or god 
that he was - my only friend, who led me and went before me, and who in the 
end passed into terrors which may yet be mine! 

We met, I recall, in a railway station, where he was the center of a crowd of the 
vulgarly curious. He was unconscious, having fallen in a kind of convulsion 
which imparted to his slight black-clad body a strange rigidity. I think he was 
then approaching forty years of age, for there were deep lines in the face, wan 
and hollow-cheeked, but oval and actually beautiful; and touches of gray in the 
thick, waving hair and small full beard which had once been of the deepest raven 
black. His brow was white as the marble of Pentelicus, and of a height and 
breadth almost god-like. 

I said to myself, with all the ardor of a sculptor, that this man was a faun's statue 
out of antique Hellas, dug from a temple's ruins and brought somehow to life in 
our stifling age only to feel the chill and pressure of devastating years. And when 
he opened his immense, sunken, and wildly luminous black eyes I knew he 
would be thenceforth my only friend - the only friend of one who had never 
possessed a friend before - for I saw that such eyes must have looked fully upon 
the grandeur and the terror of realms beyond normal consciousness and reality; 
realms which I had cherished in fancy, but vainly sought. So as I drove the 
crowd away I told him he must come home with me and be my teacher and 
leader in unfathomed mysteries, and he assented without speaking a word. 
Afterward I found that his voice was music - the music of deep viols and of 
crystalline spheres. We talked often in the night, and in the day, when I chiseled 



199 



busts of him and carved miniature heads in ivory to immortahze his different 
expressions. 

Of our studies it is impossible to speak, since they held so slight a connection 
with anything of the world as living men conceive it. They were of that vaster 
and more appalling universe of dim entity and consciousness which lies deeper 
than matter, time, and space, and whose existence we suspect only in certain 
forms of sleep - those rare dreams beyond dreams which come never to common 
men, and but once or twice in the lifetime of imaginative men. The cosmos of our 
waking knowledge, born from such an universe as a bubble is born from the pipe 
of a jester, touches it only as such a bubble may touch its sardonic source when 
sucked back by the jester's whim. Men of learning suspect it little and ignore it 
mostly. Wise men have interpreted dreams, and the gods have laughed. One 
man with Oriental eyes has said that all time and space are relative, and men 
have laughed. But even that man with Oriental eyes has done no more than 
suspect. I had wished and tried to do more than suspect, and my friend had tried 
and partly succeeded. Then we both tried together, and with exotic drugs 
courted terrible and forbidden dreams in the tower studio chamber of the old 
manor-house in hoary Kent. 

Among the agonies of these after days is that chief of torments - inarticulateness. 
What I learned and saw in those hours of impious exploration can never be told - 
for want of symbols or suggestions in any language. I say this because from first 
to last our discoveries partook only of the nature of sensations; sensations 
correlated with no impression which the nervous system of normal humanity is 
capable of receiving. They were sensations, yet within them lay unbelievable 
elements of time and space - things which at bottom possess no distinct and 
definite existence. Human utterance can best convey the general character of our 
experiences by calling them plungings or soarings; for in every period of 
revelation some part of our minds broke boldly away from all that is real and 
present, rushing aerially along shocking, unlighted, and fear-haunted abysses, 
and occasionally tearing through certain well-marked and typical obstacles 
describable only as viscous, uncouth clouds of vapors. 

In these black and bodiless flights we were sometimes alone and sometimes 
together. When we were together, my friend was always far ahead; I could 
comprehend his presence despite the absence of form by a species of pictorial 
memory whereby his face appeared to me, golden from a strange light and 
frightful with its weird beauty, its anomalously youthful cheeks, its burning 
eyes, its Olympian brow, and its shadowing hair and growth of beard. 

Of the progress of time we kept no record, for time had become to us the merest 
illusion. I know only that there must have been something very singular 



200 



involved, since we came at length to marvel why we did not grow old. Our 
discourse was unholy, and always hideously ambitious - no god or daemon 
could have aspired to discoveries and conquest like those which we planned in 
whispers. I shiver as I speak of them, and dare not be explicit; though I will say 
that my friend once wrote on paper a wish which he dared not utter with his 
tongue, and which made me burn the paper and look affrightedly out of the 
window at the spangled night sky. I will hint - only hint - that he had designs 
which involved the rulership of the visible universe and more; designs whereby 
the earth and the stars would move at his command, and the destinies of all 
living things be his. I affirm - I swear - that I had no share in these extreme 
aspirations. Anything my friend may have said or written to the contrary must 
be erroneous, for I am no man of strength to risk the unmentionable spheres by 
which alone one might achieve success. 

There was a night when winds from unknown spaces whirled us irresistibly into 
limitless vacua beyond all thought and entity. Perceptions of the most 
maddeningly untransmissible sort thronged upon us; perceptions of infinity 
which at the time convulsed us with joy, yet which are now partly lost to my 
memory and partly incapable of presentation to others. Viscous obstacles were 
clawed through in rapid succession, and at length I felt that we had been borne 
to realms of greater remoteness than any we had previously known. 

My friend was vastly in advance as we plunged into this awesome ocean of 
virgin aether, and I could see the sinister exultation on his floating, luminous, 
too-youthful memory-face. Suddenly that face became dim and quickly 
disappeared, and in a brief space I found myself projected against an obstacle 
which I could not penetrate. It was like the others, yet incalculably denser; a 
sticky clammy mass, if such terms can be applied to analogous qualities in a non- 
material sphere. 

I had, I felt, been halted by a barrier which my friend and leader had successfully 
passed. Struggling anew, I came to the end of the drug-dream and opened my 
physical eyes to the tower studio in whose opposite corner reclined the pallid 
and still unconscious form of my fellow dreamer, weirdly haggard and wildly 
beautiful as the moon shed gold-green light on his marble features. 

Then, after a short interval, the form in the corner stirred; and may pitying 
heaven keep from my sight and sound another thing like that which took place 
before me. I cannot tell you how he shrieked, or what vistas of unvisitable hells 
gleamed for a second in black eyes crazed with fright. I can only say that I 
fainted, and did not stir till he himself recovered and shook me in his phrensy for 
someone to keep away the horror and desolation. 



201 



That was the end of our voluntary searchings in the caverns of dream. Awed, 
shaken, and portentous, my friend who had been beyond the barrier warned me 
that we must never venture within those realms again. What he had seen, he 
dared not tell me; but he said from his wisdom that we must sleep as little as 
possible, even if drugs were necessary to keep us awake. That he was right, I 
soon learned from the unutterable fear which engulfed me whenever 
consciousness lapsed. 

After each short and inevitable sleep I seemed older, whilst my friend aged with 
a rapidity almost shocking. It is hideous to see wrinkles form and hair whiten 
almost before one's eyes. Our mode of life was now totally altered. Heretofore a 
recluse so far as I know - his true name and origin never having passed his lips - 
my friend now became frantic in his fear of solitude. At night he would not be 
alone, nor would the company of a few persons calm him. His sole relief was 
obtained in revelry of the most general and boisterous sort; so that few 
assemblies of the young and gay were unknown to us. 

Our appearance and age seemed to excite in most cases a ridicule which I keenly 
resented, but which my friend considered a lesser evil than solitude. Especially 
was he afraid to be out of doors alone when the stars were shining, and if forced 
to this condition he would often glance furtively at the sky as if hunted by some 
monstrous thing therein. He did not always glance at the same place in the sky - 
it seemed to be a different place at different times. On spring evenings it would 
be low in the northeast. In the summer it would be nearly overhead. In the 
autumn it would be in the northwest. In winter it would be in the east, but 
mostly if in the small hours of morning. 

Midwinter evenings seemed least dreadful to him. Only after two years did I 
connect this fear with anything in particular; but then I began to see that he must 
be looking at a special spot on the celestial vault whose position at different 
times corresponded to the direction of his glance - a spot roughly marked by the 
constellation Corona Borealis. 

We now had a studio in London, never separating, but never discussing the days 
when we had sought to plumb the mysteries of the unreal world. We were aged 
and weak from our drugs, dissipations, and nervous overstrain, and the thinning 
hair and beard of my friend had become snow-white. Our freedom from long 
sleep was surprising, for seldom did we succumb more than an hour or two at a 
time to the shadow which had now grown so frightful a menace. 

Then came one January of fog and rain, when money ran low and drugs were 
hard to buy. My statues and ivory heads were all sold, and I had no means to 
purchase new materials, or energy to fashion them even had I possessed them. 



202 



We suffered terribly, and on a certain night my friend sank into a deep-breathing 
sleep from which I could not awaken him. I can recall the scene now - the 
desolate, pitch-black garret studio under the eaves with the rain beating down; 
the ticking of our lone clock; the fancied ticking of our watches as they rested on 
the dressing-table; the creaking of some swaying shutter in a remote part of the 
house; certain distant city noises muffled by fog and space; and, worst of all, the 
deep, steady, sinister breathing of my friend on the couch - a rhythmical 
breathing which seemed to measure moments of supernal fear and agony for his 
spirit as it wandered in spheres forbidden, unimagined, and hideously remote. 

The tension of my vigil became oppressive, and a wild train of trivial 
impressions and associations thronged through my almost unhinged mind. I 
heard a clock strike somewhere - not ours, for that was not a striking clock - and 
my morbid fancy found in this a new starting-point for idle wanderings. Clocks - 
time - space - infinity - and then my fancy reverted to the locale as I reflected that 
even now, beyond the roof and the fog and the rain and the atmosphere. Corona 
Borealis was rising in the northeast. Corona Borealis, which my friend had 
appeared to dread, and whose scintillant semicircle of stars must even now be 
glowing unseen through the measureless abysses of aether. All at once my 
feverishly sensitive ears seemed to detect a new and wholly distinct component 
in the soft medley of drug-magnified sounds - a low and damnably insistent 
whine from very far away; droning, clamoring, mocking, calling, from the 
northeast. 

But it was not that distant whine which robbed me of my faculties and set upon 
my soul such a seal of fright as may never in life be removed; not that which 
drew the shrieks and excited the convulsions which caused lodgers and police to 
break down the door. It was not what I heard, but what I saw; for in that dark, 
locked, shuttered, and curtained room there appeared from the black northeast 
corner a shaft of horrible red-gold light - a shaft which bore with it no glow to 
disperse the darkness, but which streamed only upon the recumbent head of the 
troubled sleeper, bringing out in hideous duplication the luminous and strangely 
youthful memory-face as I had known it in dreams of abysmal space and 
unshackled time, when my friend had pushed behind the barrier to those secret, 
innermost and forbidden caverns of nightmare. 

And as I looked, I beheld the head rise, the black, liquid, and deep-sunken eyes 
open in terror, and the thin, shadowed lips part as if for a scream too frightful to 
be uttered. There dwelt in that ghastly and flexible face, as it shone bodiless, 
luminous, and rejuvenated in the blackness, more of stark, teeming, brain- 
shattering fear than all the rest of heaven and earth has ever revealed to me. 



203 



No word was spoken amidst the distant sound that grew nearer and nearer, but 
as I followed the memory- face's mad stare along that cursed shaft of light to its 
source, the source whence also the whining came, I, too, saw for an instant what 
it saw, and fell with ringing ears in that fit of shrieking epilepsy which brought 
the lodgers and the police. Never could I tell, try as I might, what it actually was 
that I saw; nor could the still face tell, for although it must have seen more than I 
did, it will never speak again. But always I shall guard against the mocking and 
insatiate Hypnos, lord of sleep, against the night sky, and against the mad 
ambitions of knowledge and philosophy. 

Just what happened is unknown, for not only was my own mind unseated by the 
strange and hideous thing, but others were tainted with a forgetfulness which 
can mean nothing if not madness. They have said, I know not for what reason, 
that I never had a friend; but that art, philosophy, and insanity had filled all my 
tragic life. The lodgers and police on that night soothed me, and the doctor 
administered something to quiet me, nor did anyone see what a nightmare event 
had taken place. My stricken friend moved them to no pity, but what they found 
on the couch in the studio made them give me a praise which sickened me, and 
now a fame which I spurn in despair as I sit for hours, bald, gray-bearded, 
shriveled, palsied, drug-crazed, and broken, adoring and praying to the object 
they found. 

For they deny that I sold the last of my statuary, and point with ecstasy at the 
thing which the shining shaft of light left cold, petrified, and unvocal. It is all that 
remains of my friend; the friend who led me on to madness and wreckage; a 
godlike head of such marble as only old Hellas could yield, young with the 
youth that is outside time, and with beauteous bearded face, curved, smiling lips, 
Olympian brow, and dense locks waving and poppy-crowned. They say that that 
haunting memory-face is modeled from my own, as it was at twenty-five; but 
upon the marble base is carven a single name in the letters of Attica - HYPNOS. 



204 



Ibid 

" . . .as Ibid says in his famous Lives of the Poets." 

- From a student theme. 

The erroneous idea that Ibid is the author of the Lives is so frequently met with, 
even among those pretending to a degree of cuhure, that it is worth correcting. It 
should be a matter of general knowledge that Cf. is responsible for this work. 
Ibid's masterpiece, on the other hand, was the famous Op. Cit. wherein all the 
significant undercurrents of Graeco-Roman expression were crystallised once for 
all - and with admirable acuteness, notwithstanding the surprisingly late date at 
which Ibid wrote. There is a false report - very commonly reproduced in modern 
books prior to Von Schweinkopf's monumental Geschichte der Ostrogothen in 
Italien - that Ibid was a Romanised Visigoth of Ataulf's horde who settled in 
Placentia about 410 A. D. The contrary cannot be too strongly emphasised; for 
Von Schweinkopf, and since his time Littlewitl and Betenoir,2 have shewn with 
irrefutable force that this strikingly isolated figure was a genuine Roman - or at 
least as genuine a Roman as that degenerate and mongrelised age could produce 

- of whom one might well say what Gibbon said of Boethius, "that he was the 
last whom Cato or Tully could have acknowledged for their countryman." He 
was, like Boethius and nearly all the eminent men of his age, of the great Anician 
family, and traced his genealogy with much exactitude and self-satisfaction to all 
the heroes of the republic. His full name - long and pompous according to the 
custom of an age which had lost the trinomial simplicity of classic Roman 
nomenclature - is stated by Von Schweinkopf3 to have been Caius Anicius 
Magnus Furius Camillus Aemilianus Cornelius Valerius Pompeius Julius Ibidus; 
though Littlewit4 rejects Aemilianus and adds Claudius Deciusfunianus; whilst 
BetenoirS differs radically, giving the full name as Magnus Furius Camillus 
Aurelius Antoninus Flavins Anicius Petronius Valentinianus Aegidus Ibidus. 

The eminent critic and biographer was born in the year 486, shortly after the 
extinction of the Roman rule in Gaul by Clovis. Rome and Ravenna are rivals for 
the honour of his birth, though it is certain that he received his rhetorical and 
philosophical training in the schools of Athens - the extent of whose suppression 
by Theodosius a century before is grossly exaggerated by the superficial. In 512, 
under the benign rule of the Ostrogoth Theodoric, we behold him as a teacher of 
rhetoric at Rome, and in 516 he held the consulship together with Pompilius 
Numantius Bombastes Marcellinus Deodamnatus. Upon the death of Theodoric 
in 526, Ibidus retired from public life to compose his celebrated work (whose 
pure Ciceronian style is as remarkable a case of classic atavism as is the verse of 
Claudius Claudianus, who flourished a century before Ibidus); but he was later 



205 



recalled to scenes of pomp to act as court rhetorician for Theodatus, nephew of 
Theodoric. 

Upon the usurpation of Vitiges, Ibidus fell into disgrace and was for a time 
imprisoned; but the coming of the Byzantine-Roman army under Belisarius soon 
restored him to liberty and honours. Throughout the siege of Rome he served 
bravely in the army of the defenders, and afterward followed the eagles of 
Belisarius to Alba, Porto, and Centumcellae. After the Prankish siege of Milan, 
Ibidus was chosen to accompany the learned Bishop Datius to Greece, and 
resided with him at Corinth in the year 539. About 541 he removed to 
Constantinopolis, where he received every mark of imperial favour both from 
Justinianus and Justinus the Second. The Pmperors Tiberius and Maurice did 
kindly honour to his old age, and contributed much to his immortality - 
especially Maurice, whose delight it was to trace his ancestry to old Rome 
notwithstanding his birth at Arabiscus, in Cappadocia. It was Maurice who, in 
the poet's 101st year, secured the adoption of his work as a textbook in the 
schools of the empire, an honour which proved a fatal tax on the aged 
rhetorician's emotions, since he passed away peacefully at his home near the 
church of St. Sophia on the sixth day before the Kalends of September, A. D. 587, 
in the 102nd year of his age. 

His remains, notwithstanding the troubled state of Italy, were taken to Ravenna 
for interment; but being interred in the suburb of Classe, were exhumed and 
ridiculed by the Lombard Duke of Spoleto, who took his skull to King Autharis 
for use as a wassail-bowl. Ibid's skull was proudly handed down from king to 
king of the Lombard line. Upon the capture of Pavia by Charlemagne in 774, the 
skull was seized from the tottering Desiderius and carried in the train of the 
Prankish conqueror. It was from this vessel, indeed, that Pope Leo administered 
the royal unction which made of the hero-nomad a Holy Roman Pmperor. 
Charlemagne took Ibid's skull to his capital at Aix, soon after- ward presenting it 
to his Saxon teacher Alcuin, upon whose death in 804 it was sent to Alcuin's 
kinsfolk in Pngland. 

William the Conqueror, finding it in an abbey niche where the pious family of 
Alcuin had placed it (believing it to be the skull of a saint6 who had miraculously 
annihilated the Lombards by his prayers), did reverence to its osseous antiquity; 
and even the rough soldiers of Cromwell, upon destroying Ballylough Abbey in 
Ireland in 1650 (it having been secretly transported thither by a devout Papist in 
1539, upon Henry VII's dissolution of the English monasteries), declined to offer 
violence to a relic so venerable. 

It was captured by the private soldier Read-'em-and-Weep Hopkins, who not 
long after traded it to Rest- in-Jehovah Stubbs for a quid of new Virginia weed. 



206 



Stubbs, upon sending forth his son Zerubbabel to seek his fortune in New 
England in 1661 (for he thought ill of the Restoration atmosphere for a pious 
young yeoman), gave him St. Ibid's - or rather Brother Ibid's, for he abhorred all 
that was Popish - skull as a talisman. Upon landing in Salem Zerubbabel set it up 
in his cupboard beside the chimney, he having built a modest house near the 
town pump. However, he had not been wholly unaffected by the Restoration 
influence; and having become addicted to gaming, lost the skull to one Epenetus 
Dexter, a visiting freeman of Providence. 

It was in the house of Dexter, in the northern part of the town near the present 
intersection of North Main and Olney Streets, on the occasion of Canonchet's 
raid of March 30, 1676, during King Philip's War; and the astute sachem, 
recognising it at once as a thing of singular venerableness and dignity, sent it as a 
symbol of alliance to a faction of the Pequots in Connecticut with whom he was 
negotiating. On April 4 he was captured by the colonists and soon after executed, 
but the austere head of Ibid continued on its wanderings. 

The Pequots, enfeebled by a previous war, could give the now stricken 
Narragansetts no assistance; and in 1680 a Dutch furtrader of Albany, Petrus van 
Schaack, secured the distinguished cranium for the modest sum of two guilders, 
he having recognised its value from the half-effaced inscription carved in 
Lombardic minuscules (palaeography, it might be explained, was one of the 
leading accomplishments of New-Netherland fur-traders of the seventeenth 
century). 

From van Schaack, sad to say, the relic was stolen in 1683 by a French trader, 
Jean Grenier, whose Popish zeal recognised the features of one whom he had 
been taught at his mother's knee to revere as St. Ibide. Grenier, fired with 
virtuous rage at the possession of this holy symbol by a Protestant, crushed van 
Schaack's head one night with an axe and escaped to the north with his booty; 
soon, however, being robbed and slain by the half-breed voyageur Michel 
Savard, who took the skull - despite the illiteracy which prevented his 
recognising it - to add to a collection of similar but more recent material. 

Upon his death in 1701 his half-breed son Pierre traded it among other things to 
some emissaries of the Sacs and Foxes, and it was found outside the chief's tepee 
a generation later by Charles de Langlade, founder of the trading post at Green 
Bay, Wisconsin. De Langlade regarded this sacred object with proper veneration 
and ransomed it at the expense of many glass beads; yet after his time it found 
itself in many other hands, being traded to settlements at the head of Lake 
Winnebago, to tribes around Lake Mendota, and finally, early in the nineteenth 
century, to one Solomon Juneau, a Frenchman, at the new trading post of 
Milwaukee on the Menominee River and the shore of Lake Michigan. 



207 



Later traded to Jacques Caboche, another settler, it was in 1850 lost in a game of 
chess or poker to a newcomer named Hans Zimmerman; being used by him as a 
beer-stein until one day, under the spell of its contents, he suffered it to roll from 
his front stoop to the prairie path before his home - where, falling into the 
burrow of a prairie-dog, it passed beyond his power of discovery or recovery 
upon his awaking. 

So for generations did the sainted skull of Caius Anicius Magnus Furius 
Camillus Aemilianus Cornelius Valerius Pompeius Julius Ibidus, consul of 
Rome, favourite of emperors, and saint of the Romish church, lie hidden beneath 
the soil of a growing town. At first worshipped with dark rites by the prairie- 
dogs, who saw in it a deity sent from the upper world, it afterward fell into dire 
neglect as the race of simple, artless burrowers succumbed before the onslaught 
of the conquering Aryan. Sewers came, but they passed by it. Houses went up - 
2303 of them, and more - and at last one fateful night a titan thing occurred. 
Subtle Nature, convulsed with a spiritual ecstasy, like the froth of that region's 
quondam beverage, laid low the lofty and heaved high the humble - and behold! 
In the roseal dawn the burghers of Milwaukee rose to find a former prairie 
turned to a highland! Vast and far-reaching was the great upheaval. Subterrene 
arcana, hidden for years, came at last to the light. For there, full in the rifted 
roadway, lay bleached and tranquil in bland, saintly, and consular pomp the 
dome-like skull of Ibid! 

[Notes] 

1 Rome and Byzantium: A Study in Survival (Waukesha, 1869), Vol. XX, p. 598. 2 
Influences Romains clans le Moyen Age (Fond du Lac, 1877), Vol. XV, p. 720. 
3Following Procopius, Goth, x.y.z. 4Following Jornandes, Codex Murat. xxj. 
4144. 5After Pagi, 50-50. 6Not till the appearance of von Schweinkopf's work in 
1797 were St. Ibid and the rhetorician properly re- identified. 



208 



Imprisoned with the Pharaos 

Written in March of 1924 

Published in May of 1924 in Weird Tales 

Mystery attracts mystery. Ever since the wide appearance of my name as a 
performer of unexplained feats, I have encountered strange narratives and events 
which my calling has led people to link with my interests and activities. Some of 
these have been trivial and irrelevant, some deeply dramatic and absorbing, 
some productive of weird and perilous experiences and some involving me in 
extensive scientific and historical research. Many of these matters I have told and 
shall continue to tell very freely; but there is one of which I speak with great 
reluctance, and which I am now relating only after a session of grilling 
persuasion from the publishers of this magazine, who had heard vague rumors 
of it from other members of my family. 

The hitherto guarded subject pertains to my non-professional visit to Egypt 
fourteen years ago, and has been avoided by me for several reasons. For one 
thing, I am averse to exploiting certain unmistakably actual facts and conditions 
obviously unknown to the myriad tourists who throng about the pyramids and 
apparently secreted with much diligence by the authorities at Cairo, who cannot 
be wholly ignorant of them. For another thing, I dislike to recount an incident in 
which my own fantastic imagination must have played so great a part. What I 
saw - or thought I saw - certainly did not take place; but is rather to be viewed as 
a result of my then recent readings in Egyptology, and of the speculations anent 
this theme which my environment naturally prompted. These imaginative 
stimuli, magnified by the excitement of an actual event terrible enough in itself, 
undoubtedly gave rise to the culminating horror of that grotesque night so long 
past. 

In January, 1910, I had finished a professional engagement in England and 
signed a contract for a tour of Australian theatres. A liberal time being allowed 
for the trip, I determined to make the most of it in the sort of travel which chiefly 
interests me; so accompanied by my wife I drifted pleasantly down the Continent 
and embarked at Marseilles on the P & O Steamer Malwa, bound for Port Said. 
From that point I proposed to visit the principal historical localities of lower 
Egypt before leaving finally for Australia. 

The voyage was an agreeable one, and enlivened by many of the amusing 
incidents which befall a magical performer apart from his work. I had intended, 
for the sake of quiet travel, to keep my name a secret; but was goaded into 



209 



betraying myself by a fellow-magician whose anxiety to astound the passengers 
with ordinary tricks tempted me to duplicate and exceed his feats in a manner 
quite destructive of my incognito. I mention this because of its ultimate effect - an 
effect I should have foreseen before unmasking to a shipload of tourists about to 
scatter throughout the Nile valley. What it did was to herald my identity 
wherever I subsequently went, and deprive my wife and me of all the placid 
inconspicuousness we had sought. Traveling to seek curiosities, I was often 
forced to stand inspection as a sort of curiosity myself! 

We had come to Egypt in search of the picturesque and the mystically 
impressive, but found little enough when the ship edged up to Port Said and 
discharged its passengers in small boats. Low dunes of sand, bobbing buoys in 
shallow water, and a drearily European small town with nothing of interest save 
the great De Lesseps statue, made us anxious to get to something more worth 
our while. After some discussion we decided to proceed at once to Cairo and the 
Pyramids, later going to Alexandria for the Australian boat and for whatever 
Greco-Roman sights that ancient metropolis might present. 

The railway journey was tolerable enough, and con sumed only four hours and a 
half. We saw much of the Suez Canal, whose route we followed as far as 
Ismailiya and later had a taste of Old Egypt in our glimpse of the restored fresh- 
water canal of the Middle Empire. Then at last we saw Cairo glimmering 
through the growing dusk; a winkling constellation which became a blaze as we 
halted at the great Care Centrale. 

But once more disappointment awaited us, for all that we beheld was European 
save the costumes and the crowds. A prosaic subway led to a square teeming 
with carriages, taxicabs, and trolley-cars and gorgeous with electric lights 
shining on tall buildings; whilst the very theatre where I was vainly requested to 
play and which I later attended as a spectator, had recently been renamed the 
'American Cosmograph'. We stopped at Shepheard's Hotel, reached in a taxi that 
sped along broad, smartly built-up streets; and amidst the perfect service of its 
restaurant, elevators and generally Anglo-American luxuries the mysterious East 
and immemorial past seemed very far away. 

The next day, however, precipitated us delightfully into the heart of the Arabian 
Nights atmosphere; and in the winding ways and exotic skyline of Cairo, the 
Bagdad of Harun-al-Rashid seemed to live again. Guided by our Baedeker, we 
had struck east past the Ezbekiyeh Gardens along the Mouski in quest of the 
native quarter, and were soon in the hands of a clamorous cicerone who - 
notwith standing later developments - was assuredly a master at his trade. 



210 



Not until afterward did I see that I should have applied at the hotel for a licensed 
guide. This man, a shaven, peculiarly hollow-voiced and relatively cleanly fellow 
who looked like a Pharaoh and called himself 'Abdul Reis el Drogman' appeared 
to have much power over others of his kind; though subsequently the police 
professed not to know him, and to suggest that reis is merely a name for any 
person in authority, whilst 'Drogman' is obviously no more than a clumsy 
modification of the word for a leader of tourist parties - dragoman. 

Abdul led us among such wonders as we had before only read and dreamed of. 
Old Cairo is itself a story-book and a dream - labyrinths of narrow alleys 
redolent of aromatic secrets; Arabesque balconies and oriels nearly meeting 
above the cobbled streets; maelstroms of Oriental traffic with strange cries, 
cracking whips, rattling carts, jingling money, and braying donkeys; 
kaleidoscopes of polychrome robes, veils, turbans, and tarbushes; water-carriers 
and dervishes, dogs and cats, soothsayers and barbers; and over all the whining 
of blind beggars crouched in alcoves, and the sonorous chanting of muezzins 
from minarets limned delicately against a sky of deep, unchanging blue. 

The roofed, quieter bazaars were hardly less alluring. Spice, perfume, incense 
beads, rugs, silks, and brass - old Mahmoud Suleiman squats cross-legged 
amidst his gummy bottles while chattering youths pulverize mustard in the 
hoUowed-out capital of an ancient classic column - a Roman Corinthian, perhaps 
from neighboring Heliopolis, where Augustus stationed one of his three 
Egyptian legions. Antiquity begins to mingle with exoticism. And then the 
mosques and the museum - we saw them all, and tried not to let our Arabian 
revel succumb to the darker charm of Pharaonic Egypt which the museum's 
priceless treasures offered. That was to be our climax, and for the present we 
concentrated on the mediaeval Saracenic glories of the Califs whose magnificent 
tomb-mosques form a glittering faery necropolis on the edge of the Arabian 
Desert. 

At length Abdul took us along the Sharia Mohammed Ali to the ancient mosque 
of Sultan Hassan, and the tower-flanked Babel-Azab, beyond which climbs the 
steep-walled pass to the mighty citadel that Saladin himself built with the stones 
of forgotten pyramids. It was sunset when we scaled that cliff, circled the 
modern mosque of Mohammed Ali, and looked down from the dizzy parapet 
over mystic Cairo - mystic Cairo all golden with its carven domes, its ethereal 
minarets and its flaming gardens. 

Far over the city towered the great Roman dome of the new museum; and 
beyond it - across the cryptic yellow Nile that is the mother of eons and dynasties 
- lurked the menacing sands of the Libyan Desert, undulant and iridesc ent and 
evil with older arcana. 



211 



The red sun sank low, bringing the relentless chill of Egyptian dusk; and as it 
stood poised on the world's rim like that ancient god of Heliopolis - Re- 
Harakhte, the Horizon-Sun - we saw silhouetted against its vermeil holocaust the 
black outlines of the Pyramids of Gizeh - the palaeogean tombs there were hoary 
with a thousand years when Tut-Ankh-Amen mounted his golden throne in 
distant Thebes. Then we knew that we were done with Saracen Cairo, and that 
we must taste the deeper mysteries of primal Egypt - the black Kem of Re and 
Amen, Isis and Osiris. 

The next morning we visited the Pyramids, riding out in a Victoria across the 
island of Chizereh with its massive lebbakh trees, and the smaller English bridge 
to the western shore. Down the shore road we drove, between great rows of 
lebbakhs and past the vast Zoological Gardens to the suburb of Gizeh, where a 
new bridge to Cairo proper has since been built. Then, turning inland along the 
Sharia-el-Haram, we crossed a region of glassy canals and shabby native villages 
till before us loomed the objects of our quest, cleaving the mists of dawn and 
forming inverted replicas in the roadside pools. Forty centuries, as Napoleon had 
told his campaigners there, indeed looked down upon us. 

The road now rose abruptly, till we finally reached our place of transfer between 
the trolley station and the Mena House Hotel. Abdul Reis, who capably 
purchased our Pyramid tickets, seemed to have an understanding with the 
crowding, yelling and offensive Bedouins who inhabited a squalid mud village 
some distance away and pestiferously assailed every traveler; for he kept them 
very decently at bay and secured an excellent pair of camels for us, himself 
mounting a donkey and assigning the leadership of our animals to a group of 
men and boys more expensive than useful. The area to be traversed was so small 
that camels were hardly needed, but we did not regret adding to our experience 
this troublesome form of desert navigation. 

The pyramids stand on a high rock plateau, this group forming next to the 
northernmost of the series of regal and aristocratic cemeteries built in the 
neighborhood of the extinct capital Memphis, which lay on the same side of the 
Nile, somewhat south of Gizeh, and which flourished between 3400 and 2000 
B.C. The greatest pyramid, which lies nearest the modern road, was built by King 
Cheops or Khufu about 2800 B.C., and stands more than 450 feet in 
perpendicular height. In a line southwest from this are successively the Second 
Pyramid, built a generation later by King Khephren, and though slightly smaller, 
looking even larger because set on higher ground, and the radically smaller 
Third Pyramid of King Mycerinus, built about 2700 B.C. Near the edge of the 
plateau and due east of the Second Pyramid, with a face probably altered to form 
a colossal portrait of Khephren, its royal restorer, stands the monstrous Sphinx - 
mute, sardonic, and wise beyond mankind and memory. 



212 



Minor pyramids and the traces of ruined minor pyramids are found in several 
places, and the whole plateau is pitted with the tombs of dignitaries of less than 
royal rank. These latter were originally marked by mastabas, or stone bench- like 
structures about the deep burial shafts, as found in other Memphian cemeteries 
and exemplified by Perneb's Tomb in the Metropolitan Museum of New York. 
At Gizeb, however, all such visible things have been swept away by time and 
pillage; and only the rock-hewn shafts, either sand-filled or cleared out by 
archaeologists, remain to attest their former existence. Connected with each tomb 
was a chapel in which priests and relatives offered food and prayer to the 
hovering ka or vital principle of the deceased. The small tombs have their 
chapels contained in their stone mastabas or superstructures, but the mortuary 
chapels of the pyramids, where regal Pharaohs lay, were separate temples, each 
to the east of its corresponding pyramid, and connec ted by a causeway to a 
massive gate-chapel or propylon at the edge of the rock plateau. 

The gate-chapel leading to the Second Pyramid, nearly buried in the drifting 
sands, yawns subterraneously south-east of the Sphinx. Persistent tradition dubs 
it the 'Temple of the Sphinx'; and it may perhaps be rightly called such if the 
Sphinx indeed represents the Second Pyramid's builder Khephren. There are 
unpleasant tales of the Sphinx before Khephren - but whatever its elder features 
were, the monarch replaced them with his own that men might look at the 
colossus without fear. 

It was in the great gateway-temple that the life-size diorite statue of Khephren 
now in the Cairo museum was found; a statue before which I stood in awe when 
I beheld it. Whether the whole edifice is now excavated I am not certain, but in 
1910 most of it was below ground, with the entrance heavily barred at night. 
Germans were in charge of the work, and the war or other things may have 
stopped them. I would give much, in view of my experience and of certain 
Bedouin whisperings discredited or unknown in Cairo, to know what has 
developed in connection with a certain well in a transverse gallery where statues 
of the Pharaoh were found in curious juxtaposition to the statues of baboons. 

The road, as we traversed it on our camels that morning, curved sharply past the 
wooden police quarters, post office, drug store and shops on the left, and 
plunged south and east in a complete bend that scaled the rock plateau and 
brought us face to face with the desert under the lee of the Great Pyramid. Past 
Cyclopean masonry we rode, rounding the eastern face and looking down ahead 
into a valley of minor pyramids beyond which the eternal Nile glistened to the 
east, and the eternal desert shimmered to the west. Very close loomed the three 
major pyramids, the greatest devoid of outer casing and showing its bulk of 
great stones, but the others retaining here and there the neatly fitted covering 
which had made them smooth and finished in their day. 



213 



Presently we descended toward the Sphinx, and sat silent beneath the spell of 
those terrible unseeing eyes. On the vast stone breast we faintly discerned the 
emblem of Re-Harakhte, for whose image the Sphinx was mistaken in a late 
dynasty; and though sand covered the tablet between the great paws, we recalled 
what Thutmosis IV inscribed thereon, and the dream he had when a prince. It 
was then that the smile of the Sphinx vaguely displeased us, and made us 
wonder about the legends of subterranean pas sages beneath the monstrous 
creature, leading down, down, to depths none might dare hint at - depths 
connected with mysteries older than the dynastic Egypt we excavate, and having 
a sinister relation to the persistence of abnormal, animal-headed gods in the 
ancient Nilotic pantheon. Then, too, it was I asked myself in idle question whose 
hideous significance was not to appear for many an hour. 

Other tourists now began to overtake us, and we moved on to the sand-choked 
Temple of the Sphinx, fifty yards to the southeast, which I have previously 
mentioned as the great gate of the causeway to the Second Pyramid's mortuary 
chapel on the plateau. Most of it was still underground, and although we 
dismounted and descended through a modern passageway to its alabaster 
corridor and pillared hall, I felt that Adul and the local German attendant had 
not shown us all there was to see. 

After this we made the conventional circuit of the pyramid plateau, examining 
the Second Pyramid and the peculiar ruins of its mortuary chapel to the east, the 
Third Pyramid and its miniature southern satellites and ruined eastern chapel, 
the rock tombs and the honeycombings of the Fourth and Fifth dynasties, and the 
famous Campbell's Tomb whose shadowy shaft sinks precipitously for fifty- 
three feet to a sinister sarcophagus which one of our camel drivers divested of 
the cumbering sand after a vertiginous descent by rope. 

Cries now assailed us from the Great Pyramid, where Bedouins were besieging a 
party of tourists with offers of speed in the performance of solitary trips up and 
down. Seven minutes is said to be the record for such an ascent and descent, but 
many lusty sheiks and sons of sheiks assured us they could cut it to five if given 
the requisite impetus of liberal baksheesh. They did not get this impetus, though 
we did let Abdul take us up, thus obtaining a view of unprecedented 
magnificence which included not only remote and glittering Cairo with its 
crowned citadel back ground of gold-violet hills, but all the pyramids of the 
Memphian district as well, from Abu Roash on the north to the Dashur on the 
south. The Sakkara step-pyramid, which marks the evolution of the low mastaba 
into the true pyramid, showed clearly and alluringly in the sandy distance. It is 
close to this transition-monument that the famed :omb of Perneb was found - 
more than four hundred miles orth of the Theban rock valley where Tut-Ankh- 
Amen sleeps. Again I was forced to silence through sheer awe. The prospect of 



214 



such antiquity, and the secrets each hoary monument seemed to hold and brood 
over, filled me with a reverence and sense of immensity nothing else ever gave 
me. 

Fatigued by our climb, and disgusted with the importunate Bedouins whose 
actions seemed to defy every rule of taste, we omitted the arduous detail of 
entering the cramped interior passages of any of the pyramids, though we saw 
several of the hardiest tourists preparing for the suffocating crawl through 
Cheops' mightiest memorial. As we dismissed and overpaid our local bodyguard 
and drove back to Cairo with Abdul Reis under the afternoon sun, we half 
regretted the omission we had made. Such fascinating things were whispered 
about lower pyramid pas sages not in the guide books; passages whose entrances 
had been hastily blocked up and concealed by certain uncommunicative 
archaeologists who had found and begun to explore them. 

Of course, this whispering was largely baseless on the face of it; but it was 
curious to reflect how persistently visitors were forbidden to enter the Pyramids 
at night, or to visit the lowest burrows and crypt of the Great Pyramid. Perhaps 
in the latter case it was the psychological effect which was feared - the effect on 
the visitor of feeling himself huddled down beneath a gigantic world of solid 
masonry; joined to the life he has known by the merest tube, in which he may 
only crawl, and which any accident or evil design might block. The whole subject 
seemed so weird and alluring that we resolved to pay the pyramid plateau 
another visit at the earliest possible opportun ity. For me this opportunity came 
much earlier than I expected. 

That evening, the members of our party feeling some what tired after the 
strenuous program of the day, I went alone with Abdul Reis for a walk through 
the picturesque Arab quarter. Though I had seen it by day, I wished to study the 
alleys and bazaars in the dusk, when rich shadows and mellow gleams of light 
would add to their glamor and fantastic illusion. The native crowds were 
thinning, but were still very noisy and numerous when we came upon a knot of 
reveling Bedouins in the Suken-Nahhasin, or bazaar of the coppersmiths. Their 
apparent leader, an insolent youth with heavy features and saucily cocked 
tarbush, took some notice of us, and evidently recognized with no great 
friendliness my competent but admittedly supercilious and sneeringly disposed 
guide. 

Perhaps, I thought, he resented that odd reproduction of the Sphinx's half-smile 
which I had often remarked with amused irritation; or perhaps he did not like 
the hollow and sepulchral resonance of Abdul's voice. At any rate, the exchange 
of ancestrally opprobrious language became very brisk; and before long Ali Ziz, 
as I heard the stranger called when called by no worse name, began to pull 



215 



violently at Abdul's robe, an action quickly reciprocated and leading to a spirited 
scuffle in which both combatants lost their sacredly cherished headgear and 
would have reached an even direr condition had I not intervened and separated 
them by main force. 

My interference, at first seemingly unwelcome on both sides, succeeded at last in 
effecting a truce. Sullenly each belligerent composed his wrath and his attire, and 
with an assumption of dignity as profound as it was sudden, the two formed a 
curious pact of honor which I soon learned is a custom of great antiquity in Cairo 
- a pact for the settle ment of their difference by means of a nocturnal fist fight 
atop the Great Pyramid, long after the departure of the last moon light sightseer. 
Each duelist was to assemble a party of seconds, and the affair was to begin at 
midnight, proceeding by rounds in the most civilized possible fashion. 

In all this planning there was much which excited my interest. The fight itself 
promised to be unique and spectacular, while the thought of the scene on that 
hoary pile overlooking the antediluvian plateau of Gizeh under the wan moon of 
the pallid small hours appealed to every fiber of imagination in me. A request 
found Abdul exceedingly willing to admit me to his party of seconds; so that all 
the rest of the early evening I accompanied him to various dens in the most 
lawless regions of the town - mostly northeast of the Ezbekiyeh - where he 
gathered one by one a select and formidable band of congenial cutthroats as his 
pugilistic background. 

Shortly after nine our party, mounted on donkeys bearing such royal or tourist- 
reminiscent names as 'Rameses,' 'Mark Twain,' 'J. P. Morgan,' and 'Minnehaha', 
edged through street labyrinths both Oriental and Occidental, crossed the 
muddy and mast-forested Nile by the bridge of the bronze lions, and cantered 
philosophically between the lebbakhs on the road to Gizeh. Slightly over two 
hours were consumed by the trip, toward the end of which we passed the last of 
the returning tourists, saluted the last inbound trolley-car, and were alone with 
the night and the past and the spectral moon. 

Then we saw the vast pyramids at the end of the avenue, ghoulish with a dim 
atavistical menace which I had not seemed to notice in the daytime. Even the 
smallest of them held a hint of the ghastly -for was it not in this that they had 
buried Queen Nitocris alive in the Sixth Dynasty; subtle Queen Nitocris, who 
once invited all her enemies to a feast in a temple below the Nile, and drowned 
them by opening the water-gates? I recalled that the Arabs whisper things about 
Nitocris, and shun the Third Pyramid at certain phases of the moon. It must have 
been over her that Thomas Moore was brooding when he wrote a thing muttered 
about by Memphian boatmen: 



216 



'The subterranean nymph that dwells 

'Mid sunless gems and glories hid 

The lady of the Pyramid!' 

Early as we were, Ali Ziz and his party were ahead of us; for we saw their 
donkeys outlined against the desert plateau at Kafrel-Haram; toward which 
squalid Arab settlement, close to the Sphinx, we had diverged instead of 
following the regular road to the Mena House, where some of the sleepy, 
inefficient police might have observed and halted us. Here, where filthy 
Bedouins stabled camels and donkeys in the rock tombs of Khephren's courtiers, 
we were led up the rocks and over the sand to the Great Pyramid, up whose 
time-worn sides the Arabs swarmed eagerly, Abdul Reis offering me the 
assistance I did not need. 

As most travelers know, the actual apex of this structure has long been worn 
away, leaving a reasonably flat platform twelve yards square. On this eery 
pinnacle a squared circle was formed, and in a few moments the sardonic desert 
moon leered down upon a battle which, but for the quality of the ringside cries, 
might well have occurred at some minor athletic club in America. As I watched 
it, I felt that some of our less -desirable institutions were not lacking; for every 
blow, feint, and defense bespoke 'stalling' to my not inexperienced eye. It was 
quickly over, and despite my misgivings as to methods I felt a sort of proprietary 
pride when Abdul Reis was adjudged the winner. 

Reconciliation was phenomenally rapid, and amidst the singing, fraternizing and 
drinking that followed, I found it difficult to realize that a quarrel had ever 
occurred. Oddly enough, I myself seemed to be more a center of notice than the 
antagonists; and from my smattering of Arabic I judged that they were 
discussing my professional performances and escapes from every sort of manacle 
and confinement, in a manner which indicated not only a surprising knowledge 
of me, but a distinct hostility and skepticism concerning my feats of escape. It 
gradually dawned on me that the elder magic of Egypt did not depart without 
leaving traces, and that fragments of a strange secret lore and priestly cult 
practises have survived surreptitiously amongst the fella heen to such an extent 
that the prowess of a strange hahwi or magician is resented and disputed. I 
thought of how much my hollow-voiced guide Abdul Reis looked like an old 
Egyptian priest or Pharaoh or smiling Sphinx . . . and wondered. 

Suddenly something happened which in a flash proved the correctness of my 
reflections and made me curse the denseness whereby I had accepted this night's 
events as other than the empty and malicious 'frame-up' they now showed 
themselves to be. Without warning, and doubtless in answer to some subtle sign 
from Abdul, the entire band of Bedouins precipitated itself upon me; and having 



217 



produced heavy ropes, soon had me bound as securely as I was ever bound in 
the course of my Hfe, either on the stage or off. 

I struggled at first, but soon saw that one man could make no headway against a 
band of over twenty sinewy barbarians. My hands were tied behind my back, my 
knees bent to their fullest extent, and my wrists and ankles stoutly linked 
together with unyielding cords. A stifling gag was forced into my mouth, and a 
blindfold fastened tightly over my eyes. Then, as Arabs bore me aloft on their 
shoulders and began a jouncing descent of the pyramid, I heard the taunts of my 
late guide Abdul, who mocked and jeered delightedly in his hollow voice, and 
assured me that I was soon to have my 'magic -powers' put to a supreme test - 
which would quickly remove any egotism I might have gained through 
triumphing over all the tests offered by America and Europe. Egypt, he 
reminded me, is very old, and full of inner mysteries and antique powers not 
even conceivable to the experts of today, whose devices had so uniformly failed 
to entrap me. 

How far or in what direction I was carried, I cannot tell; for the circumstances 
were all against the formation of any accurate judgment. I know, however, that it 
could not have been a great distance; since my bearers at no point hastened 
beyond a walk, yet kept me aloft a surprisingly short time. It is this perplexing 
brevity which makes me feel almost like shuddering whenever I think of Gizeh 
and its plateau - for one is oppressed by hints of the closeness to everyday tourist 
routes of what existed then and must exist still. 

The evil abnormality I speak of did not become manifest at first. Setting me 
down on a surface which I recognized as sand rather than rock, my captors 
passed a rope around my chest and dragged me a few feet to a ragged opening in 
the ground, into which they presently lowered me with much rough handling. 
For apparent eons I bumped against the stony irregular sides of a narrow hewn 
well which I took to be one of the numerous burial-shafts of the plateau until the 
prodigious, almost incredible depth of it robbed me of all bases of conjecture. 

The horror of the experience deepened with every dragging second. That any 
descent through the sheer solid rock could be so vast without reaching the core 
of the planet itself, or that any rope made by man could be so long as to dangle 
me in these unholy and seemingly fathomless pro fundities of nether earth, were 
beliefs of such grotesqueness that it was easier to doubt my agitated senses than 
to accept them. Even now I am uncertain, for I know how deceitful the sense of 
time becomes when one is removed or distorted. But I am quite sure that I 
preserved a logical consciousness that far; that at least I did not add any 
fullgrown phantoms of imagination to a picture hideous enough in its reality, 
and explicable by a type of cerebral illusion vastly short of actual hallucination. 



218 



All this was not the cause of my first bit of fainting. The shocking ordeal was 
cumulative, and the beginning of the later terrors was a very perceptible increase 
in my rate of descent. They were paying out that infinitely long rope very swiftly 
now, and I scraped cruelly against the rough and constricted sides of the shaft as 
I shot madly downward. My clothing was in tatters, and I felt the trickle of blood 
all over, even above the mounting and excruciating pain. My nostrils, too, were 
assailed by a scarcely definable menace: a creeping odor of damp and staleness 
curiously unlike anything I had ever smelled before, and having faint overtones 
of spice and incense that lent an element of mockery. 

Then the mental cataclysm came. It was horrible - hideous beyond all articulate 
description because it was all of the soul, with nothing of detail to describe. It 
was the ecstasy of nightmare and the summation of the fiendish. The suddenness 
of it was apocalyptic and demoniac - one moment I was plunging agonizingly 
down that narrow well of million-toothed torture, yet the next moment I was 
soaring on bat-wings in the gulfs of hell; swinging free and swooping through 
illimitable miles of boundless, musty space; rising dizzily to measureless 
pinnacles of chilling ether, then diving gaspingly to sucking nadirs of ravenous, 
nauseous lower vacua ... Thank God for the mercy that shut out in oblivion 
those clawing Furies of consciousness which half unhinged my faculties, and tore 
harpy-like at my spirit! That one respite, short as it was, gave me the strength 
and sanity to endure those still greater sublima tions of cosmic panic that lurked 
and gibbered on the road ahead. 

II 

It was very gradually that I regained my senses after that eldritch flight through 
Stygian space. The process was infinitely painful, and colored by fantastic 
dreams in which my bound and gagged condition found singular embodiment. 
The precise nature of these dreams was very clear while I was experiencing 
them, but became blurred in my recollection almost immediately afterward, and 
was soon reduced to the merest outline by the terrible events - real or imaginary - 
which followed. I dreamed that I was in the grasp of a great and horrible paw; a 
yellow, hairy, five- clawed paw which had reached out of the earth to crush and 
engulf me. And when I stopped to reflect what the paw was, it seemed to me that 
it was Egypt. In the dream I looked back at the events of the preceding weeks, 
and saw myself lured and enmeshed little by little, subtly and insidiously, by 
some hellish ghoul-spirit of the elder Nile sorcery; some spirit that was in Egypt 
before ever man was, and that will be when man is no more. 

I saw the horror and unwholesome antiquity of Egypt, and the grisly alliance it 
has always had with the tombs and temples of the dead. I saw phantom 
processions of priests with the heads of bulls, falcons, cats, and ibises; phantom 
processions marching interminably through subterraneous labyrinths and 



219 



avenues of titanic propylaea beside which a man is as a fly, and offering 
unnamable sacrifice to indescribable gods. Stone colossi marched in endless 
night and drove herds of grinning androsphinxes down to the shores of 
illimitable stagnant rivers of pitch. And behind it all I saw the ineffable malignity 
of primordial necromancy, black and amorphous, and fumbling greedily after 
me in the darkness to choke out the spirit that had dared to mock it by 
emulation. 

In my sleeping brain there took shape a melodrama of sinister hatred and 
pursuit, and I saw the black soul of Egypt singling me out and calling me in 
inaudible whispers; calling and luring me, leading me on with the glitter and 
glamor of a Saracenic surface, but ever pulling me down to the age-mad 
catacombs and horrors of its dead and abysmal pharaonic heart. 

Then the dream faces took on human resemblances, and I saw my guide Abdul 
Reis in the robes of a king, with the sneer of the Sphinx on his features. And I 
knew that those features were the features of Khephren the Great, who raised the 
Second Pyramid, carved over the Sphinx's face in the likeness of his own and 
built that titanic gateway temple whose myriad corridors the archaeologists 
think they have dug out of the cryptical sand and the uninformative rock. And I 
looked at the long, lean rigid hand of Khephren; the long, lean, rigid hand as I 
had seen it on the diorite statue in the Cairo Museum - the statue they had found 
in the terrible gateway temple - and wondered that I had not shrieked when I 
saw it on Abdul Reis... That hand! It was hideously cold, and it was crushing 
me; it was the cold and cramping of the sarcophagus . . . the chill and constriction 
of unrememberable Egypt... It was nighted, necropolitan Egypt itself.., that 
yellow paw. .. and they whisper such things of Khephren. . . 

But at this juncture I began to wake - or at least, to assume a condition less 
completely that of sleep than the one just preceding. I recalled the fight atop the 
pyramid, the treacherous Bedouins and their attack, my frightful descent by rope 
through endless rock depths, and my mad swinging and plunging in a chill void 
redolent of aromatic putrescence. I perceived that I now lay on a damp rock 
floor, and that my bonds were still biting into me with unloosened force. It was 
very cold, and I seemed to detect a faint current of noisome air sweeping across 
me. The cuts and bruises I had received from the jagged sides of the rock shaft 
were paining me woefully, their soreness enhanced to a stinging or burning 
acuteness by some pungent quality in the faint draft, and the mere act of rolling 
over was enough to set my whole frame throbbing with untold agony. 

As I turned I felt a tug from above, and concluded that the rope whereby I was 
lowered still reached to the surface. Whether or not the Arabs still held it, I had 
no idea; nor had I any idea how far within the earth I was. I knew that the 



220 



darkness around me was wholly or nearly total, since no ray of moonlight 
penetrated my blindfold; but I did not trust my senses enough to accept as 
evidence of extreme depth the sensation of vast duration which had 
characterized my descent. 

Knowing at least that I was in a space of considerable extent reached from the 
above surface directly by an opening in the rock, I doubtfully conjectured that 
my prison was perhaps the buried gateway chapel of old Khephren - the Temple 
of the Sphinx - perhaps some inner corridors which the guides had not shown 
me during my morning visit, and from which I might easily escape if I could find 
my way to the barred entrance. It would be a labyrinthine wandering, but no 
worse than others out of which I had in the past found my way. 

The first step was to get free of my bonds, gag, and blindfold; and this I knew 
would be no great task, since subtler experts than these Arabs had tried every 
known species of fetter upon me during my long and varied career as an 
exponent of escape, yet had never succeeded in defeating my methods. 

Then it occurred to me that the Arabs might be ready to meet and attack me at 
the entrance upon any evidence of my probable escape from the binding cords, 
as would be furnished by any decided agitation of the rope which they probably 
held. This, of course, was taking for granted that my place of confinement was 
indeed Khephren's Temple of the Sphinx. The direct opening in the roof, 
wherever it might lurk, could not be beyond easy reach of the ordinary modern 
entrance near the Sphinx; if in truth it were any great distance at all on the 
surface, since the total area known to visitors is not at all enormous. I had not 
noticed any such opening during my daytime pilgrimage, but knew that these 
things are easily overlooked amidst the drifting sands. 

Thinking these matters over as I lay bent and bound on the rock floor, I nearly 
forgot the horrors of abysmal descent and cavernous swinging which had so 
lately reduced me to a coma. My present thought was only to outwit the Arabs, 
and I accordingly determined to work myself free as quickly as possible, 
avoiding any tug on the descending line which might betray an effective or even 
problematical attempt at freedom. 

This, however, was more easily determined than effected. A few preliminary 
trials made it clear that little could be accomplished without considerable 
motion; and it did not surprise me when, after one especially energetic struggle, I 
began to feel the coils of falling rope as they piled up about me and upon me. 
Obviously, I thought, the Bedouins had felt my movements and released their 
end of the rope; hastening no doubt to the temple's true entrance to lie 
murderously in wait for me. 



221 



The prospect was not pleasing - but I had faced worse in my time without 
flinching, and would not flinch now. At present I must first of all free myself of 
bonds, then trust to ingenuity to escape from the temple unharmed. It is curious 
how implicitly I had come to believe myself in the old temple of Khephren beside 
the Sphinx, only a short dis tance below the ground. 

That belief was shattered, and every pristine apprehen sion of preternattiral 
depth and demoniac mystery revived, by a circumstance which grew in horror 
and significance even as I formulated my philosophical plan. I have said that the 
falling rope was piling up about and upon me. Now I saw that it was continuing 
to pile, as no rope of normal length could possibly do. It gained in momentum 
and became an avalanche of hemp, accumulating moun tainously on the floor 
and half burying me beneath its swiftly multiplying coils. Soon I was completely 
engulfed and gasping for breath as the increasing convolutions submerged and 
stifled me. 

My senses tottered again, and I vaguely tried to fight off a menace desperate and 
ineluctable. It was not merely that I was tortured beyond human endurance - not 
merely that life and breath seemed to be crushed slowly out of me - it was the 
knowledge of what those unnatural lengths of rope implied, and the 
consciousness of what unknown and incalculable gulfs of inner earth must at this 
moment be surrounding me. My endless descent and swinging flight through 
goblin space, then, must have been real, and even now I must be lying helpless in 
some nameless cavern world toward the core of the planet. Such a sudden 
confirmation of ultimate horror was insupportable, and a second time I lapsed 
into merciful oblivion. 

When I say oblivion, I do not imply that I was free from dreams. On the contrary, 
my absence from the conscious world was marked by visions of the most 
unutterable hideousness. God! ... If only I had not read so much Egyptology 
before coming to this land which is the fountain of all darkness and terror! This 
second spell of fainting filled my sleeping mind anew with shivering realization 
of the country and its archaic secrets, and through some damnable chance my 
dreams turned to the ancient notions of the dead and their sojournings in soul 
and body beyond those mysterious tombs which were more houses than graves. 
I recalled, in dream-shapes which it is well that I do not remember, the peculiar 
and elaborate construction of Egyptian sepulchers; and the exceedingly singular 
and terrific doctrines which determined this construction. 

All these people thought of was death and the dead. They conceived of a literal 
resurrection of the body which made them mummify it with desperate care, and 
preserve all the vital organs in canopic jars near the corpse; whilst besides the 
body they believed in two other elements, the soul, which after its weighing and 



222 



approval by Osiris dwelt in the land of the blest, and the obscure and portentous 
ka or life-principle which wandered about the upper and lower worlds in a 
horrible way, demanding occasional access to the preserved body, consuming 
the food offerings brought by priests and pious relatives to the mortuary chapel, 
and sometimes - as men whispered - taking its body or the wooden double 
always buried beside it and stalking noxiously abroad on errands peculiarly 
repellent. 

For thousands of years those bodies rested gorgeously encased and staring 
glassily upward when not visited by the ka, awaiting the day when Osiris should 
restore both ka and soul, and lead forth the stiff legions of the dead from the 
sunken houses of sleep. It was to have been a glorious rebirth - but not all souls 
were approved, nor were all tombs inviolate, so that certain grotesque mistakes 
and fiendish abnormalities were to be looked for. Even today the Arabs murmur 
of unsanctified convocations and unwholesome worship in forgotten nether 
abysses, which only winged invisible kas and soulless mummies may visit and 
return unscathed. 

Perhaps the most leeringly blood-congealing legends are those which relate to 
certain perverse products of decadent priestcraft - composite mummies made by 
the artificial union of human trunks and limbs with the heads of animals in 
imitation of the elder gods. At all stages of history the sacred animals were 
mummified, so that consecrated bulls, cats, ibises, crocodiles and the like might 
return some day to greater glory. But only in the decadence did they mix the 
human and the animal in the same mummy - only in the decadence, when they 
did not understand the rights and prerogatives of the ka and the soul. 

What happened to those composite mummies is not told of- at least publicly - 
and it is certain that no Egyptologist ever found one. The whispers of Arabs are 
very wild, and cannot be relied upon. They even hint that old Khephren - he of 
the Sphinx, the Second Pyramid and the yawning gateway temple - lives far 
underground wedded to the ghoul-queen Nitocris and ruling over the mummies 
that are neither of man nor of beast. 

It was of these - of Khephren and his consort and his strange armies of the hybrid 
dead - that I dreamed, and that is why I am glad the exact dream-shapes have 
faded from my memory. My most horrible vision was connected with an idle 
question I had asked myself the day before when looking at the great carven 
riddle of the desert and wondering with what unknown depth the temple close 
to it might be secretly connected. That question, so innocent and whimsical then, 
assumed in my dream a meaning of frenetic and hysterical madness ... what 
huge and loathsome abnormality was the Sphinx originally carven to represent? 



223 



My second awakening - if awakening it was - is a memory of stark hideousness 
which nothing else in my Hfe - save one thing which came after - can parallel; 
and that life has been full and adventurous beyond most men's. Remember that I 
had lost consciousness whilst buried beneath a cascade of falling rope whose 
immensity revealed the cataclysmic depth of my present position. Now, as 
perception returned, I felt the entire weight gone; and realized upon rolling over 
that although I was still tied, gagged and blindfolded, some agency had removed 
completely the suffocating hempen landslide which had overwhelmed me. The 
significance of this condition, of course, came to me only gradually; but even so I 
think it would have brought unconsciousness again had I not by this time 
reached such a state of emotional exhaustion that no new horror could make 
much difference. I was alone. . . with what? 

Before I could torture myself with any new reflection, or make any fresh effort to 
escape from my bonds, an additional circumstance became manifest. Pains not 
formerly felt were racking my arms and legs, and I seemed coated with a 
profusion of dried blood beyond anything my former cuts and abrasions could 
furnish. My chest, too, seemed pierced by a hundred wounds, as though some 
malign, titanic ibis had been pecking at it. Assuredly the agency which had 
removed the rope was a hostile one, and had begun to wreak terrible injuries 
upon me when somehow impelled to desist. Yet at the same time my sensations 
were distinctly the reverse of what one might expect. Instead of sinking into a 
bottomless pit of despair, I was stirred to a new courage and action; for now I felt 
that the evil forces were physical things which a fearless man might encounter on 
an even basis. 

On the strength of this thought I tugged again at my bonds, and used all the art 
of a lifetime to free myself as I had so often done amidst the glare of lights and 
the applause of vast crowds. The familiar details of my escaping process 
commenced to engross me, and now that the long rope was gone I half regained 
my belief that the supreme horrors were hallucinations after all, and that there 
had never been any terrible shaft, measureless abyss or interminable rope. Was I 
after all in the gateway temple of Khephren beside the Sphinx, and had the 
sneaking Arabs stolen in to torture me as I lay helpless there? At any rate, I must 
be free. Let me stand up unbound, ungagged, and with eyes open to catch any 
glimmer of light which might come trickling from any source, and I could 
actually delight in the combat against evil and treacherous foes! 

How long I took in shaking off my encumbrances I cannot tell. It must have been 
longer than in my exhibition performances, because I was wounded, exhausted, 
and enervated by the experiences I had passed through. When I was finally free, 
and taking deep breaths of a chill, damp, evilly spiced air all the more horrible 
when encountered without the screen of gag and blindfold edges, I found that I 



224 



was too cramped and fatigued to move at once. There I lay, trying to stretch a 
frame bent and mangled, for an indefinite period, and straining my eyes to catch 
a glimpse of some ray of light which would give a hint as to my position. 

By degrees my strength and flexibility returned, but my eyes beheld nothing. As 
I staggered to my feet I peered diligently in every direction, yet met only an 
ebony blackness as great as that I had known when blindfolded. I tried my legs, 
blood-encrusted beneath my shredded trousers, and found that I could walk; yet 
could not decide in what direction to go. Obviously I ought not to walk at 
random, and perhaps retreat directly from the entrance I sought; so I paused to 
note the difference of the cold, fetid, natron-scented air-current which I had 
never ceased to feel. Accepting the point of its source as the possible entrance to 
the abyss, I strove to keep track of this landmark and to walk consistently toward 
it. 

I had a match-box with me, and even a small electric flashlight; but of course the 
pockets of my tossed and tattered clothing were long since emptied of all heavy 
articles. As I walked cautiously in the blackness, the draft grew stronger and 
more offensive, till at length I could regard it as nothing less than a tangible 
stream of detestable vapor pouring out of some aperture like the smoke of the 
genie from the fisherman's jar in the Eastern tale. The East . . . Egypt . . . truly, this 
dark cradle of civilization was ever the wellspring of horrors and marvels 
unspeakable! 

The more I reflected on the nature of this cavern wind, the greater my sense of 
disquiet became; for although despite its odor I had sought its source as at least 
an indirect clue to the outer world, I now saw plainly that this foul emanation 
could have no admixture or connection whatsoever with the clean air of the 
Libyan Desert, but must be essentially a thing vomited from sinister gulfs still 
lower down. I had, then, been walking in the wrong direction! 

After a moment's reflection I decided not to retrace my steps. Away from the 
draft I would have no landmarks, for the roughly level rock floor was devoid of 
distinctive configurations. If, however, I followed up the strange current, I would 
undoubtedly arrive at an aperture of some sort, from whose gate I could perhaps 
work round the walls to the opposite side of this Cyclopean and otherwise 
unnavigable hall. That I might fail, I well realized. I saw that this was no part of 
Khephren's gateway temple which tourists know, and it struck me that this 
particular hall might be unknown even to archaeologists, and merely stumbled 
upon by the inquisitive and malignant Arabs who had imprisoned me. If so, was 
there any present gate of escape to the known parts or to the outer air? 



225 



What evidence, indeed, did I now possess that this was the gateway temple at 
all? For a moment all my wildest speculations rushed back upon me, 'and I 
thought of that vivid melange of impressions - descent, suspension in space, the 
rope, my wounds, and the dreams that were frankly dreams. Was this the end of 
life for me? Or indeed, would it be merciful if this moment were the end? I could 
answer none of my own questions, but merely kept on, till Fate for a third time 
reduced me to oblivion. 

This time there were no dreams, for the suddenness of the incident shocked me 
out of all thought either conscious or subconscious. Tripping on an unexpected 
descending step at a point where the offensive draft became strong enough to 
offer an actual physical resistance, I was precipitated headlong down a black 
flight of huge stone stairs into a gulf of hideousness unrelieved. 

That I ever breathed again is a tribute to the inherent vitality of the healthy 
human organism. Often I look back to that night and feel a touch of actual humor 
in those repeated lapses of consciousness; lapses whose succession reminded me 
at the time of nothing more than the crude cinema melodramas of that period. Of 
course, it is possible that the repeated lapses never occurred; and that all the 
features of that underground nightmare were merely the dreams of one long 
coma which began with the shock of my descent into that abyss and ended with 
the healing balm of the outer air and of the rising sun which found me stretched 
on the sands of Gizeh before the sardonic and dawn-flushed face of the Great 
Sphinx. 

I prefer to believe this latter explanation as much as I can, hence was glad when 
the police told me that the barrier to Krephren's gateway temple had been found 
unfastened, and that a sizeable rift to the surface did actually exist in one corner 
of the still buried part. I was glad, too, when the doctors pronounced my wounds 
only those to be expected from my seizure, blindfolding, lowering, struggling 
with bonds, falling some distance - perhaps into a depression in the temple's 
inner gallery - dragging myself to the outer barrier and escaping from it, and 
experiences like that.., a very soothing diagnosis. And yet I know that there must 
be more than appears on the surface. That extreme descent is too vivid a memory 
to be dismissed - and it is odd that no one has ever been able to find a man 
answering the description of my guide, Abdul Reis el Drogman- the tomb- 
throated guide who looked and smiled like King Khephren. 

I have digressed from my connected narrative - perhaps in the vain hope of 
evading the telling of that final incident; that incident which of all is most 
certainly an hallucination. But I promised to relate it, and I do not break 
promises. When I recovered - or seemed to recover - my senses after that fall 
down the black stone stairs, I was quite as alone and in darkness as before. The 



226 



windy stench, bad enough before, was now fiendish; yet I had acquired enough 
famiharity by this time to bear it stoically. Dazedly I began to crawl away from 
the place whence the putrid wind came, and with my bleeding hands felt the 
colossal blocks of a mighty pavement. Once my head struck against a hard 
object, and when I felt of it I learned that it was the base of a column - a column 
of unbelievable immensity - whose surface was covered with gigantic chiseled 
hieroglyphics very perceptible to my touch. 

Crawling on, I encountered other titan columns at incomprehensible distances 
apart; when suddenly my attention was captured by the realization of something 
which must have been impinging on my subconscious hearing long before the 
conscious sense was aware of it. 

From some still lower chasm in earth's bowels were proceeding certain sounds, 
measured and definite, and like nothing I had ever heard before. That they were 
very ancient and distinctly ceremonial I felt almost intuitively; and much reading 
in Egyptology led me to associate them with the flute, the sambuke, the sistrum, 
and the tympa num. In their rhythmic piping, droning, rattling and beat ing I felt 
an element of terror beyond all the known terrors of earth - a terror peculiarly 
dissociated from personal fear, and taking the form of a sort of objective pity for 
our planet, that it should hold within its depths such horrors as must lie beyond 
these aegipanic cacophonies. The sounds increased in volume, and I felt that they 
were approaching. Then - and may all the gods of all pantheons unite to keep the 
like from my ears again - I began to hear, faintly and afar off, the morbid and 
millennial tramping of the marching things. 

It was hideous that footfalls so dissimilar should move in such perfect rhythm. 
The training of unhallowed thousands of years must lie behind that march of 
earth's inmost monstrosities ... padding, clicking, walking, stalking, rumbling, 
lumbering, crawling.. . and all to the abhorrent discords of those mocking 
instruments. And then - God keep the memory of those Arab legends out of my 

head! - the mummies without souls ... the meeting-place of the wandering 

the hordes of the devil-cursed pharaonic dead of forty centuries.. . the composite 
mummies led through the uttermost onyx voids by King Khephren and his 
ghoul-queen Nitocris . . . 

The tramping drew nearer - Heaven save me from the sound of those feet and 
paws and hooves and pads and talons as it commenced to acquire detail! Down 
limitless reaches of sunless pavement a spark of light flickered in the malodorous 
wind and I drew behind the enormous circumference of a Cyclopic column that I 
might escape for a while the horror that was stalking million-footed toward me 
through gigantic hypostyles of inhuman dread and phobic antiquity. The flickers 
increased, and the tramping and dissonant rhythm grew sickeningly loud. In the 



227 



quivering orange light there stood faintly forth a scene of such stony awe that I 
gasped from sheer wonder that conquered even fear and repulsion. Bases of 
columns whose middles were higher than human sight. . . mere bases of things 
that must each dwarf the Eiffel Tower to insignificance . . . hieroglyphics carved 
by unthinkable hands in caverns where daylight can be only a remote legend. . . 

I would not look at the marching things. That I desperately resolved as I heard 
their creaking joints and nitrous wheezing above the dead music and the dead 
tramping. It was merciful that they did not speak... but God! their crazy torches 
began to cast shadows on the surface of those stupendous columns. 
Hippopotami should not have human hands and carzy torches. . . men should not 
have the heads of crocodiles. . . 

I tried to turn away, but the shadows and the sounds and the stench were 
everywhere. Then I remembered something I used to do in half-conscious 
nightmares as a boy, and began to repeat to myself, 'This is a dream! This is a 
dream!' But it was of no use, and I could only shut my eyes and pray ... at least, 
that is what I think I did, for one is never sure in visions - and I know this can 
have been nothing more. I wondered whether I should ever reach the world 
again, and at times would furtively open my eyes to see if I could discern any 
feature of the place other than the wind of spiced putrefaction, the topless 
columns, and the thaumatropically grotesque shadows of abnormal horror. The 
sputtering glare of multiplying torches now shone, and unless this hellish place 
were wholly without walls, I could not fail to see some boundary or fixed 
landmark soon. But I had to shut my eyes again when I realized how many of the 
things were assembling - and when I glimpsed a certain object walking solemnly 
and steadily without any body above the waist. 

A fiendish and ululant corpse-gurgle or death-rattle now split the very 
atmosphere - the charnel atmosphere poisonous with naftha and bitumen blasts - 
in one concerted chorus from the ghoulish legion of hybrid blasphemies. My 
eyes, perversely shaken open, gazed for an instant upon a sight which no human 
creature could even imagine without panic, fear and physical exhaustion. The 
things had filed ceremonially in one direction, the direction of the noisome wind, 
where the light of their torches showed their bended heads - or the bended heads 
of such as had heads. They were worshipping before a great black fetor-belching 
aperture which reached up almost out of sight, -and which I could see was 
flanked at right angles by two giant staircases whose ends were far away in 
shadow. One of these was indubitably the staircase I had fallen down. 

The dimensions of the hole were fully in proportion with those of the columns - 
an ordinary house would have been lost in it, and any average public building 
could easily have been moved in and out. It was so vast a surface that only by 



228 



moving the eye could one trace its boundaries.. . so vast, so hideously black, and 
so aromatically stinking . .. Directly in front of this yawning Polyphemus-door 
the things were throwing objects - evidently sacrifices or religious offerings, to 
judge by their gestures. Khephren was their leader; sneering King Khephren or 
the guide Abdul Reis, crowned with a golden pshent and intoning endless 
formulae with the hollow voice of the dead. By his side knelt beautiful Queen 
Nitocris, whom I saw in profile for a moment, noting that the right half of her 
face was eaten away by rats or other ghouls. And I shut my eyes again when I 
saw what objects were being thrown as offerings to the fetid aperture or its 
possible local deity. 

It occurred to me that, judging from the elaborateness of this worship, the 
concealed deity must be one of considerable importance. Was it Osiris or Isis, 
Horus or Anubis, or some vast unknown God of the Dead still more central and 
supreme? There is a legend that terrible altars and colossi were reared to an 
Unknown One before ever the known gods were worshipped. . . 

And now, as I steeled myself to watch the rapt and sepulchral adorations of 
those nameless things, a thought of escape flashed upon me. The hall was dim, 
and the columns heavy with shadow. With every creature of that nightmare 
throng absorbed in shocking raptures, it might be barely possible for me to creep 
past to the far-away end of one of the staircases and ascend unseen; trusting to 
Fate and skill to deliver me from the upper reaches. Where I was, I neither knew 
nor seriously reflected upon - and for a 

moment it struck me as amusing to plan a serious escape from that which I knew 
to be a dream. Was I in some hidden and unsuspected lower realm of 
Khephren' s gateway temple - that temple which generations have persis tently 
called the Temple of the Sphinx? I could not conjecture, but I resolved to ascend 
to life and consciousness if wit and muscle could carry me. 

Wriggling flat on my stomach, I began the anxious journey toward the foot of the 
left-hand staircase, which seemed the more accessible of the two. I cannot 
describe the incidents and sensations of that crawl, but they may be guessed 
when one reflects on what I had to watch steadily in that malign, wind-blown 
torchlight in order to avoid detection. The bottom of the staircase was, as I have 
said, far away in shadow, as it had to be to rise without a bend to the dizzy 
parapeted landing above the titanic aperture. This placed the last stages of my 
crawl at some distance from the noisome herd, though the spectacle chilled me 
even when quite remote at my right. 

At length I succeeded in reaching the steps and began to climb; keeping close to 
the wall, on which I observed decorations of the most hideous sort, and relying 



229 



for safety on the absorbed, ecstatic interest with which the monstrosities watched 
the foul-breezed aperture and the impious objects of nourishment they had flung 
on the pavement before it. Though the staircase was huge and steep, fashioned of 
vast porphyry blocks as if for the feet of a giant, the ascent seemed virtually 
interminable. Dread of discovery and the pain which renewed exercise had 
brought to my wounds combined to make that upward crawl a thing of 
agonizing memory. I had intended, on reaching the landing, to climb 
immediately onward along whatever upper staircase might mount from there; 
stopping for no last look at the carrion abominations that pawed and genuflected 
some seventy or eighty feet below - yet a sudden repetition of that thunderous 
corpse-gurgle and death-rattle chorus, coming as I had nearly gained the top of 
the flight and showing by its ceremonial rhythm that it was not an alarm of my 
discovery, caused me to pause and peer cautiously over the parapet. 

The monstrosities were hailing something which had poked itself out of the 
nauseous aperture to seize the hellish fare proffered it. It was something quite 
ponderous, even as seen from my height; something yellowish and hairy, and 
endowed with a sort of nervous motion. It was as large, perhaps, as a good-sized 
hippopotamus, but very curiously shaped. It seemed to have no neck, but five 
separate shaggy heads springing in a row from a roughly cylindrical trunk; the 
first very small, the second good-sized, the third and fourth equal and largest of 
all, and the fifth rather small, though not so small as the first. 

Out of these heads darted curious rigid tentacles which seized ravenously on the 
excessively great quantities of unmentionable food placed before the aperture. 
Once in a while the thing would leap up, and occasionally it would retreat into 
its den in a very odd manner. Its locomotion was so inexplicable that I stared in 
fascination, wishing it would emerge farther from the cavernous lair beneath me. 

Then it did emerge ... it did emerge, and at the sight I turned and fled into the 
darkness up the higher staircase that rose behind me; fled unknowingly up 
incredible steps and ladders and inclined planes to which no human sight or 
logic guided me, and which I must ever relegate to the world of dreams for want 
of any confirmation. It must have been a dream, or the dawn would never have 
found me breathing on the sands of Gizeh before the sardonic dawn-flushed face 
of the Great Sphinx. 

The Great Sphinx! God! - that idle question I asked myself on that sun-blest 
morning before ... what huge and loathsome abnormality was the Sphinx 
originally carven to represent? 

Accursed is the sight, be it in dream or not, that revealed to me the supreme 
horror - the unknown God of the Dead, which licks its colossal chops in the 



230 



unsuspected abyss, fed hideous morsels by soulless absurdities that should not 
exist. The five-headed monster that emerged ... that five-headed monster as 
large as a hippopotamus ... the five headed monster - and that of which it is the 
merest forepaw. . . 

But I survived, and I know it was only a dream. 



231 



In The Vault 

Written on September 18, 1925 

Published November 1925 in The Tryout 

There is nothing more absurd, as 1 view it, than that conventional association of 
the homely and the wholesome which seems to pervade the psychology of the 
multitude. Mention a bucolic Yankee setting, a bungling and thick-fibred village 
undertaker, and a careless mishap in a tomb, and no average reader can be 
brought to expect more than a hearty albeit grotesque phase of comedy. God 
knows, though, that the prosy tale which George Birch's death permits me to tell 
has in it aspects beside which some of our darkest tragedies are light. 

Birch acquired a limitation and changed his business in 1881, yet never discussed 
the case when he could avoid it. Neither did his old physician Dr. Davis, who 
died years ago. It was generally stated that the affliction and shock were results 
of an unlucky slip whereby Birch had locked himself for nine hours in the 
receiving tomb of Peck Valley Cemetery, escaping only by crude and disastrous 
mechanical means; but while this much was undoubtedly true, there were other 
and blacker things which the man used to whisper to me in his drunken delirium 
toward the last. He confided in me because I was his doctor, and because he 
probably felt the need of confiding in someone else after Davis died. He was a 
bachelor, wholly without relatives. 

Birch, before 1881, had been the village undertaker of Peck Valley; and was a 
very calloused and primitive specimen even as such specimens go. The practices 
I heard attributed to him would be unbelievable today, at least in a city; and even 
Peck Valley would have shuddered a bit had it known the easy ethics of its 
mortuary artist in such debatable matters as the ownership of costly "laying-out" 
apparel invisible beneath the casket's lid, and the degree of dignity to be 
maintained in posing and adapting the unseen members of lifeless tenants to 
containers not always calculated with sublimest accuracy. Most distinctly Birch 
was lax, insensitive, and professionally undesirable; yet I still think he was not an 
evil man. He was merely crass of fibre and function- thoughtless, careless, and 
liquorish, as his easily avoidable accident proves, and without that modicum of 
imagination which holds the average citizen within certain limits fixed by taste. 

Just where to begin Birch's story I can hardly decide, since I am no practiced 
teller of tales. I suppose one should start in the cold December of 1880, when the 
ground froze and the cemetery delvers found they could dig no more graves till 
spring. Fortunately the village was small and the death rate low, so that it was 



232 



possible to give all of Birch's inanimate charges a temporary haven in the single 
antiquated receiving tomb. The undertaker grew doubly lethargic in the bitter 
weather, and seemed to outdo even himself in carelessness. Never did he knock 
together flimsier and ungainlier caskets, or disregard more flagrantly the needs 
of the rusty lock on the tomb door which he slammed open and shut with such 
nonchalant abandon. 

At last the spring thaw came, and graves were laboriously prepared for the nine 
silent harvests of the grim reaper which waited in the tomb. Birch, though 
dreading the bother of removal and interment, began his task of transference one 
disagreeable April morning, but ceased before noon because of a heavy rain that 
seemed to irritate his horse, after having laid but one mortal tenement to its 
permanent rest. That was Darius Peck, the nonagenarian, whose grave was not 
far from the tomb. Birch decided that he would begin the next day with little old 
Matthew Tenner, whose grave was also near by; but actually postponed the 
matter for three days, not getting to work till Good Priday, the 15th. Being 
without superstition, he did not heed the day at all; though ever afterward he 
refused to do anything of importance on that fateful sixth day of the week. 
Certainly, the events of that evening greatly changed George Birch. 

On the afternoon of Triday, April 15th, then. Birch set out for the tomb with 
horse and wagon to transfer the body of Matthew Tenner. That he was not 
perfectly sober, he subsequently admitted; though he had not then taken to the 
wholesale drinking by which he later tried to forget certain things. He was just 
dizzy and careless enough to annoy his sensitive horse, which as he drew it 
viciously up at the tomb neighed and pawed and tossed its head, much as on 
that former occasion when the rain had vexed it. The day was clear, but a high 
wind had sprung up; and Birch was glad to get to shelter as he unlocked the iron 
door and entered the side-hill vault. Another might not have relished the damp, 
odorous chamber with the eight carelessly placed coffins; but Birch in those days 
was insensitive, and was concerned only in getting the right coffin for the right 
grave. He had not forgotten the criticism aroused when Hannah Bixby's 
relatives, wishing to transport her body to the cemetery in the city whither they 
had moved, found the casket of Judge Capwell beneath her headstone. 

The light was dim, but Birch's sight was good, and he did not get Asaph 
Sawyer's coffin by mistake, although it was very similar. He had, indeed, made 
that coffin for Matthew Tenner; but had cast it aside at last as too awkward and 
flimsy, in a fit of curious sentimentality aroused by recalling how kindly and 
generous the little old man had been to him during his bankruptcy five years 
before. He gave old Matt the very best his skill could produce, but was thrifty 
enough to save the rejected specimen, and to use it when Asaph Sawyer died of a 
malignant fever. Sawyer was not a lovable man, and many stories were told of 



233 



his almost inhuman vindictiveness and tenacious memory for wrongs real or 
fancied. To him Birch had felt no compunction in assigning the carelessly made 
coffin which he now pushed out of the way in his quest for the Fenner casket. 

It was just as he had recognised old Matt's coffin that the door slammed to in the 
wind, leaving him in a dusk even deeper than before. The narrow transom 
admitted only the feeblest of rays, and the overhead ventilation funnel virtually 
none at all; so that he was reduced to a profane fumbling as he made his halting 
way among the long boxes toward the latch. In this funereal twilight he rattled 
the rusty handles, pushed at the iron panels, and wondered why the massive 
portal had grown so suddenly recalcitrant. In this twilight too, he began to 
realise the truth and to shout loudly as if his horse outside could do more than 
neigh an unsympathetic reply. For the long-neglected latch was obviously 
broken, leaving the careless undertaker trapped in the vault, a victim of his own 
oversight. 

The thing must have happened at about three-thirty in the afternoon. Birch, 
being by temperament phlegmatic and practical, did not shout long; but 
proceeded to grope about for some tools which he recalled seeing in a corner of 
the tomb. It is doubtful whether he was touched at all by the horror and exquisite 
weirdness of his position, but the bald fact of imprisonment so far from the daily 
paths of men was enough to exasperate him thoroughly. His day's work was 
sadly interrupted, and unless chance presently brought some rambler hither, he 
might have to remain all night or longer. The pile of tools soon reached, and a 
hammer and chisel selected. Birch returned over the coffins to the door. The air 
had begun to be exceedingly unwholesome; but to this detail he paid no 
attention as he toiled, half by feeling, at the heavy and corroded metal of the 
latch. He would have given much for a lantern or bit of candle; but lacking these, 
bungled semi-sightlessly as best he might. 

When he perceived that the latch was hopelessly unyielding, at least to such 
meagre tools and under such tenebrous conditions as these. Birch glanced about 
for other possible points of escape. The vault had been dug from a hillside, so 
that the narrow ventilation funnel in the top ran through several feet of earth, 
making this direction utterly useless to consider. Over the door, however, the 
high, slit-like transom in the brick facade gave promise of possible enlargement 
to a diligent worker; hence upon this his eyes long rested as he racked his brains 
for means to reach it. There was nothing like a ladder in the tomb, and the coffin 
niches on the sides and rear- which Birch seldom took the trouble to use- 
afforded no ascent to the space above the door. Only the coffins themselves 
remained as potential stepping-stones, and as he considered these he speculated 
on the best mode of transporting them. Three coffin-heights, he reckoned, would 
permit him to reach the transom; but he could do better with four. The boxes 



234 



were fairly even, and could be piled up like blocks; so he began to compute how 
he might most stably use the eight to rear a scalable platform four deep. As he 
planned, he could not but wish that the units of his contemplated staircase had 
been more securely made. Whether he had imagination enough to wish they 
were empty, is strongly to be doubted. 

Finally he decided to lay a base of three parallel with the wall, to place upon this 
two layers of two each, and upon these a single box to serve as the platform. This 
arrangement could be ascended with a minimum of awkwardness, and would 
furnish the desired height. Better still, though, he would utilise only two boxes of 
the base to support the superstructure, leaving one free to be piled on top in case 
the actual feat of escape required an even greater altitude. And so the prisoner 
toiled in the twilight, heaving the unresponsive remnants of mortality with little 
ceremony as his miniature Tower of Babel rose course by course. Several of the 
coffins began to split under the stress of handling, and he planned to save the 
stoutly built casket of little Matthew Tenner for the top, in order that his feet 
might have as certain a surface as possible. In the semi-gloom he trusted mostly 
to touch to select the right one, and indeed came upon it almost by accident, 
since it tumbled into his hands as if through some odd volition after he had 
unwittingly placed it beside another on the third layer. 

The tower at length finished, and his aching arms rested by a pause during 
which he sat on the bottom step of his grim device. Birch cautiously ascended 
with his tools and stood abreast of the narrow transom. The borders of the space 
were entirely of brick, and there seemed little doubt but that he could shortly 
chisel away enough to allow his body to pass. As his hammer blows began to 
fall, the horse outside whinnied in a tone which may have been encouraging and 
to others may have been mocking. In either case it would have been appropriate; 
for the unexpected tenacity of the easy-looking brickwork was surely a sardonic 
commentary on the vanity of mortal hopes, and the source of a task whose 
performance deserved every possible stimulus. 

Dusk fell and found Birch still toiling. He worked largely by feeling now, since 
newly gathered clouds hid the moon; and though progress was still slow, he felt 
heartened at the extent of his encroachments on the top and bottom of the 
aperture. He could, he was sure, get out by midnight- though it is characteristic 
of him that this thought was untinged with eerie implications. Undisturbed by 
oppressive reflections on the time, the place, and the company beneath his feet, 
he philosophically chipped away the stony brickwork; cursing when a fragment 
hit him in the face, and laughing when one struck the increasingly excited horse 
that pawed near the cypress tree. In time the hole grew so large that he ventured 
to try his body in it now and then, shifting about so that the coffins beneath him 
rocked and creaked. He would not, he found, have to pile another on his 



235 



platform to make the proper height; for the hole was on exactly the right level to 
use as soon as its size might permit. 

It must have been midnight at least when Birch decided he could get through the 
transom. Tired and perspiring despite many rests, he descended to the floor and 
sat a while on the bottom box to gather strength for the final wriggle and leap to 
the ground outside. The hungry horse was neighing repeatedly and almost 
uncannily, and he vaguely wished it would stop. He was curiously unelated over 
his impending escape, and almost dreaded the exertion, for his form had the 
indolent stoutness of early middle age. As he remounted the splitting coffins he 
felt his weight very poignantly; especially when, upon reaching the topmost one, 
he heard that aggravated crackle which bespeaks the wholesale rending of wood. 
He had, it seems, planned in vain when choosing the stoutest coffin for the 
platform; for no sooner was his full bulk again upon it than the rotting lid gave 
way, jouncing him two feet down on a surface which even he did not care to 
imagine. Maddened by the sound, or by the stench which billowed forth even to 
the open air, the waiting horse gave a scream that was too frantic for a neigh, and 
plunged madly off through the night, the wagon rattling crazily behind it. 

Birch, in his ghastly situation, was now too low for an easy scramble out of the 
enlarged transom; but gathered his energies for a determined try. Clutching the 
edges of the aperture, he sought to pull himself up, when he noticed a queer 
retardation in the form of an apparent drag on both his ankles. In another 
moment he knew fear for the first time that night; for struggle as he would, he 
could not shake clear of the unknown grasp which held his feet in relentless 
captivity. Horrible pains, as of savage wounds, shot through his calves; and in 
his mind was a vortex of fright mixed with an unquenchable materialism that 
suggested splinters, loose nails, or some other attribute of a breaking wooden 
box. Perhaps he screamed. At any rate he kicked and squirmed frantically and 
automatically whilst his consciousness was almost eclipsed in a half-swoon. 

Instinct guided him in his wriggle through the transom, and in the crawl which 
followed his jarring thud on the damp ground. He could not walk, it appeared, 
and the emerging moon must have witnessed a horrible sight as he dragged his 
bleeding ankles toward the cemetery lodge; his fingers clawing the black mould 
in brainless haste, and his body responding with that maddening slowness from 
which one suffers when chased by the phantoms of nightmare. There was 
evidently, however, no pursuer; for he was alone and alive when Armington, the 
lodge-keeper, answered his feeble clawing at the door. 

Armington helped Birch to the outside of a spare bed and sent his little son 
Edwin for Dr. Davis. The afflicted man was fully conscious, but would say 
nothing of any consequence; merely muttering such things as "Oh, my ankles!". 



236 



"Let go!", or "Shut in the tomb". Then the doctor came with his medicine-case 
and asked crisp questions, and removed the patient's outer clothing, shoes, and 
socks. The wounds- for both ankles were frightfully lacerated about the Achilles' 
tendons- seemed to puzzle the old physician greatly, and finally almost to 
frighten him. His questioning grew more than medically tense, and his hands 
shook as he dressed the mangled members; binding them as if he wished to get 
the wounds out of sight as quickly as possible. 

For an impersonal doctor, Davis' ominous and awestruck cross-examination 
became very strange indeed as he sought to drain from the weakened undertaker 
every least detail of his horrible experience. He was oddly anxious to know if 
Birch were sure- absolutely sure- of the identity of that top coffin of the pile; how 
he had chosen it, how he had been certain of it as the Tenner coffin in the dusk, 
and how he had distinguished it from the inferior duplicate coffin of vicious 
Asaph Sawyer. Would the firm Tenner casket have caved in so readily? Davis, an 
old-time village practitioner, had of course seen both at the respective funerals, 
as indeed he had attended both Tenner and Sawyer in their last illnesses. He had 
even wondered, at Sawyer's funeral, how the vindictive farmer had managed to 
lie straight in a box so closely akin to that of the diminutive Tenner. 

After a full two hours Dr. Davis left, urging Birch to insist at all times that his 
wounds were caused entirely by loose nails and splintering wood. What else, he 
added, could ever in any case be proved or believed? But it would be well to say 
as little as could be said, and to let no other doctor treat the wounds. Birch 
heeded this advice all the rest of his life till he told me his story; and when I saw 
the scars- ancient and whitened as they then were- 1 agreed that he was wise in 
so doing. He always remained lame, for the great tendons had been severed; but 
I think the greatest lameness was in his soul. His thinking processes, once so 
phlegmatic and logical, had become ineffaceably scarred; and it was pitiful to 
note his response to certain chance allusions such as "Triday", "Tomb", "Coffin", 
and words of less obvious concatenation. His frightened horse had gone home, 
but his frightened wits never quite did that. He changed his business, but 
something always preyed upon him. It may have been just fear, and it may have 
been fear mixed with a queer belated sort of remorse for bygone crudities. His 
drinking, of course, only aggravated what it was meant to alleviate. 

When Dr. Davis left Birch that night he had taken a lantern and gone to the old 
receiving tomb. The moon was shining on the scattered brick fragments and 
marred facade, and the latch of the great door yielded readily to a touch from the 
outside. Steeled by old ordeals in dissecting rooms, the doctor entered and 
looked about, stifling the nausea of mind and body that everything in sight and 
smell induced. He cried aloud once, and a little later gave a gasp that was more 
terrible than a cry. Then he fled back to the lodge and broke all the rules of his 



237 



calling by rousing and shaking his patient, and hurling at him a succession of 
shuddering whispers that seared into the bewildered ears like the hissing of 
vitriol. 

"It was Asaph's coffin. Birch, just as I thought! I knew his teeth, with the front 
ones missing on the upper jaw- never, for God's sake, show those wounds! The 
body was pretty badly gone, but if ever I saw vindictiveness on any face- or 
former face... You know what a fiend he was for revenge- how he ruined old 
Raymond thirty years after their boundary suit, and how he stepped on the 
puppy that snapped at him a year ago last August. . . He was the devil incarnate. 
Birch, and I believe his eye-for-an-eye fury could beat old Father Death himself. 
God, what a rage! I'd hate to have it aimed at me! 

"Why did you do it. Birch? He was a scoundrel, and I don't blame you for giving 
him a cast-aside coffin, but you always did go too damned far! Well enough to 
skimp on the thing some way, but you knew what a little man old Fenner was. 

"I'll never get the picture out of my head as long as I live. You kicked hard, for 
Asaph's coffin was on the floor. His head was broken in, and everything was 
tumbled about. I've seen sights before, but there was one thing too much here. 
An eye for an eye! Great heavens. Birch, but you got what you deserved. The 
skull turned my stomach, but the other was worse- those ankles cut neatly off to 
fit Matt Fenner's cast-aside coffin!" 



238 



Memory 

Written 1919 

Published May 1923 in The National Amateur, Vol. 45, No. p. 5, 9. 

In the valley of Nis the accursed waning moon shines thinly, tearing a path for its 
light with feeble horns through the lethal foliage of a great upas-tree. And within 
the depths of the valley, where the light reaches not, move forms not meant to be 
beheld. Rank is the herbage on each slope, where evil vines and creeping plants 
crawl amidst the stones of ruined palaces, twining tightly about broken columns 
and strange monoliths, and heaving up marble pavements laid by forgotten 
hands. And in trees that grow gigantic in crumbling courtyards leap little apes, 
while in and out of deep treasure-vaults writhe poison serpents and scaly things 
without a name. Vast are the stones which sleep beneath coverlets of dank moss, 
and mighty were the walls from which they fell. For all time did their builders 
erect them, and in sooth they yet serve nobly, for beneath them the grey toad 
makes his habitation. 

At the very bottom of the valley lies the river Than, whose waters are slimy and 
filled with weeds. From hidden springs it rises, and to subterranean grottoes it 
flows, so that the Daemon of the Valley knows not why its waters are red, nor 
whither they are bound. 

The Genie that haunts the moonbeams spake to the Daemon of the Valley, 
saying, "I am old, and forget much. Tell me the deeds and aspect and name of 
them who built these things of Stone." And the Daemon replied, "I am Memory, 
and am wise in lore of the past, but I too am old. These beings were like the 
waters of the river Than, not to be understood. Their deeds I recall not, for they 
were but of the moment. Their aspect I recall dimly, it was like to that of the little 
apes in the trees. Their name I recall clearly, for it rhymed with that of the river. 
These beings of yesterday were called Man." 

So the Genie flew back to the thin horned moon, and the Daemon looked intently 
at a little ape in a tree that grew in a crumbling courtyard. 



239 



Nyarlathotep 



Written in December of 1920 

Published November 1920 in The United Amateur 

Nyarlathotep. . . the crawling chaos. . . I am the last. . . I will tell the audient void. . . 

I do not recall distinctly when it began, but it was months ago. The general 
tension was horrible. To a season of political and social upheaval was added a 
strange and brooding apprehension of hideous physical danger; a danger 
widespread and all-embracing, such a danger as may be imagined only in the 
most terrible phantasms of the night. I recall that the people went about with 
pale and worried faces, and whispered warnings and prophecies which no one 
dared consciously repeat or acknowledge to himself that he had heard. A sense 
of monstrous guilt was upon the land, and out of the abysses between the stars 
swept chill currents that made men shiver in dark and lonely places. There was a 
demoniac alteration in the sequence of the seasons the autumn heat lingered 
fearsomely, and everyone felt that the world and perhaps the universe had 
passed from the control of known gods or forces to that of gods or forces which 
were unknown. 

And it was then that Nyarlathotep came out of Egypt. Who he was, none could 
tell, but he was of the old native blood and looked like a Pharaoh. The fellahin 
knelt when they saw him, yet could not say why. He said he had risen up out of 
the blackness of twenty-seven centuries, and that he had heard messages from 
places not on this planet. Into the lands of civilisation came Nyarlathotep, 
swarthy, slender, and sinister, always buying strange instruments of glass and 
metal and combining them into instruments yet stranger. He spoke much of the 
sciences of electricity and psychology and gave exhibitions of power which sent 
his spectators away speechless, yet which swelled his fame to exceeding 
magnitude. Men advised one another to see Nyarlathotep, and shuddered. And 
where Nyarlathotep went, rest vanished, for the small hours were rent with the 
screams of nightmare. Never before had the screams of nightmare been such a 
public problem; now the wise men almost wished they could forbid sleep in the 
small hours, that the shrieks of cities might less horribly disturb the pale, pitying 
moon as it glimmered on green waters gliding under bridges, and old steeples 
crumbling against a sickly sky. 

I remember when Nyarlathotep came to my city the great, the old, the terrible 
city of unnumbered crimes. My friend had told me of him, and of the impelling 
fascination and allurement of his revelations, and I burned with eagerness to 



240 



explore his uttermost mysteries. My friend said they were horrible and 
impressive beyond my most fevered imaginings; and what was thrown on a 
screen in the darkened room prophesied things none but Nyarlathotep dared 
prophesy, and in the sputter of his sparks there was taken from men that which 
had never been taken before yet which showed only in the eyes. And I heard it 
hinted abroad that those who knew Nyarlathotep looked on sights which others 
saw not. 

It was in the hot autumn that I went through the night with the restless crowds 
to see Nyarlathotep; through the stifling night and up the endless stairs into the 
choking room. And shadowed on a screen, I saw hooded forms amidst ruins, and 
yellow evil faces peering from behind fallen monuments. And I saw the world 
battling against blackness; against the waves of destruction from ultimate space; 
whirling, churning, struggling around the dimming, cooling sun. Then the 
sparks played amazingly around the heads of the spectators, and hair stood up 
on end whilst shadows more grotesque than I can tell came out and squatted on 
the heads. And when I, who was colder and more scientific than the rest, 
mumbled a trembling protest about imposture and static electricity, 
Nyarlathotep drove us all out, down the dizzy stairs into the damp, hot, deserted 
midnight streets. I screamed aloud that I was not afraid; that I never could be 
afraid; and others screamed with me for solace. We swore to one another that the 
city was exactly the same, and still alive; and when the electric lights began to 
fade we cursed the company over and over again, and laughed at the queer faces 
we made. 

I believe we felt something coming down from the greenish moon, for when we 
began to depend on its light we drifted into curious involuntary marching 
formations and seemed to know our destinations though we dared not think of 
them. Once we looked at the pavement and found the blocks loose and displaced 
by grass, with scarce a line of rusted metal to show where the tramways had run. 
And again we saw a tram-car, lone, windowless, dilapidated, and almost on its 
side. When we gazed around the horizon, we could not find the third tower by 
the river, and noticed that the silhouette of the second tower was ragged at the 
top. Then we split up into narrow columns, each of which seemed drawn in a 
different direction. One disappeared in a narrow alley to the left, leaving only the 
echo of a shocking moan. Another filed down a weed-choked subway entrance, 
howling with a laughter that was mad. My own column was sucked toward the 
open country, and presently I felt a chill which was not of the hot autumn; for as 
we stalked out on the dark moor, we beheld around us the hellish moon-glitter 
of evil snows. Trackless, inexplicable snows, swept asunder in one direction only, 
where lay a gulf all the blacker for its glittering walls. The column seemed very 
thin indeed as it plodded dreamily into the gulf. I lingered behind, for the black 
rift in the green-litten snow was frightful, and I thought I had heard the 



241 



reverberations of a disquieting wail as my companions vanished; but my power 
to linger was slight. As if beckoned by those who had gone before, I half-floated 
between the titanic snowdrifts, quivering and afraid, into the sightless vortex of 
the unimaginable. 

Screamingly sentient, dumbly delirious, only the gods that were can tell. A 
sickened, sensitive shadow writhing in hands that are not hands, and whirled 
blindly past ghastly midnights of rotting creation, corpses of dead worlds with 
sores that were cities, charnel winds that brush the pallid stars and make them 
flicker low. Beyond the worlds vague ghosts of monstrous things; half-seen 
columns of unsanctifled temples that rest on nameless rocks beneath space and 
reach up to dizzy vacua above the spheres of light and darkness. And through 
this revolting graveyard of the universe the muffled, maddening beating of 
drums, and thin, monotonous whine of blasphemous flutes from inconceivable, 
unlighted chambers beyond Time; the detestable pounding and piping 
whereunto dance slowly, awkwardly, and absurdly the gigantic, tenebrous 
ultimate gods the blind, voiceless, mindless gargoyles whose soul is 
Nyarlathotep. 



242 



Picktnan's Model 

Written in 1926 

Published October 1927 in Weird Tales 

You needn't think I'm crazy, Eliot- plenty of others have queerer prejudices than 
this. Why don't you laugh at Oliver's grandfather, who won't ride in a motor? If 
I don't like that damned subway, it's my own business; and we got here more 
quickly anyhow in the taxi. We'd have had to walk up the hill from Park Street if 
we'd taken the car. 

I know I'm more nervous than I was when you saw me last year, but you don't 
need to hold a clinic over it. There's plenty of reason, God knows, and I fancy I'm 
lucky to be sane at all. Why the third degree? You didn't use to be so inquisitive. 

Well, if you must hear it, I don't know why you shouldn't. Maybe you ought to, 
anyhow, for you kept writing me like a grieved parent when you heard I'd 
begun to cut the Art Club and keep away from Pickman. Now that he's 
disappeared I go round to the club once in a while, but my nerves aren't what 
they were. 

No, I don't know what's become of Pickman, and I don't like to guess. You might 
have surmised I had some inside information when I dropped him- and that's 
why I don't want to think where he's gone. Let the police find what they can- it 
won't be much, judging from the fact that they don't know yet of the old North 
End place he hired under the name of Peters. 

I'm not sure that I could find it again myself- not that I'd ever try, even in broad 
daylight! 

Yes, I do know, or am afraid I know, why he maintained it. I'm coming to that. 
And I think you'll understand before I'm through why I don't tell the police. 
They would ask me to guide them, but I couldn't go back there even if I knew the 
way. There was something there- and now I can't use the subway or (and you 
may as well have your laugh at this, too) go down into cellars any more. 

I should think you'd have known I didn't drop Pickman for the same silly 
reasons that fussy old women like Dr. Reid or Joe Minot or Rosworth did. 
Morbid art doesn't shock me, and when a man has the genius Pickman had I feel 
it an honour to know him, no matter what direction his work takes. Boston never 
had a greater painter than Richard Upton Pickman. I said it at first and I say it 



243 



still, and I never swenved an inch, either, when he showed that 'Ghoul Feeding'. 
That, you remember, was when Minot cut him. 

You know, it takes profound art and profound insight into Nature to turn out 
stuff like Pickman's. Any magazine-cover hack can splash paint around wildly 
and call it a nightmare or a Witches' Sabbath or a portrait of the devil, but only a 
great painter can make such a thing really scare or ring true. That's because only 
a real artist knows the actual anatomy of the terrible or the physiology of fear- 
the exact sort of lines and proportions that connect up with latent instincts or 
hereditary memories of fright, and the proper colour contrasts and lighting 
effects to stir the dormant sense of strangeness. I don't have to tell you why a 
Fuseli really brings a shiver while a cheap ghost-story frontispiece merely makes 
us laugh. There's something those fellows catch- beyond life- that they're able to 
make us catch for a second. Dore had it. Sime has it. Angarola of Chicago has it. 
And Pickman had it as no man ever had it before or- I hope to Heaven- ever will 
again. 

Don't ask me what it is they see. You know, in ordinary art, there's all the 
difference in the world between the vital, breathing things drawn from Nature or 
models and the artificial truck that commercial small fry reel off in a bare studio 
by rule. Well, I should say that the really weird artist has a kind of vision which 
makes models, or summons up what amounts to actual scenes from the spectral 
world he lives in. Anyhow, he manages to turn out results that differ from the 
pretender's mince-pie dreams in just about the same way that the life painter's 
results differ from the concoctions of a correspondence-school cartoonist. If I had 
ever seen what Pickman saw- but no! Here, let's have a drink before we get any 
deeper. God, I wouldn't be alive if I'd ever seen what that man- if he was a man- 
saw ! 

You recall that Pickman's forte was faces. I don't believe anybody since Goya 
could put so much of sheer hell into a set of features or a twist of expression. 
And before Goya you have to go back to the mediaeval chaps who did the 
gargoyles and chimaeras on Notre Dame and Mont Saint-Michel. They believed 
all sorts of things- and maybe they saw all sorts of things, too, for the Middle 
Ages had some curious phases I remember your asking Pickman yourself once, 
the year before you went away, wherever in thunder he got such ideas and 
visions. Wasn't that a nasty laugh he gave you? It was partly because of that 
laugh that Reid dropped him. Reid, you know, had just taken up comparative 
pathology, and was full of pompous 'inside stuff about the biological or 
evolutionary significance of this or that mental or physical symptom. He said 
Pickman repelled him more and more every day, and almost frightened him 
towards the last- that the fellow's features and expression were slowly 
developing in a way he didn't like; in a way that wasn't human. He had a lot of 



244 



talk about diet, and mid Pickman must be abnormal and eccentric to the last 
degree. I suppose you told Reid, if you and he had any correspondence over it, 
that he'd let Pickman's paintings get on his nerves or harrow up his imagination. 
I know I told him that myself- then. 

But keep in mind that I didn't drop Pickman for anything like this. On the 
contrary, my admiration for him kept growing; for that 'Ghoul Feeding' was a 
tremendous achievement. As you know, the club wouldn't exhibit it, and the 
Museum of Fine Arts wouldn't accept it as a gift; and I can add that nobody 
would buy it, so Pickman had it right in his house till he went. Now his father 
has it in Salem- you know Pickman comes of old Salem stock, and had a witch 
ancestor hanged in 1692. 

I got into the habit of calling on Pickman quite often, especially after I began 
making notes for a monograph on weird art. Probably it was his work which put 
the idea into my head, and anyhow, I found him a mine of data and suggestions 
when I came to develop it. He showed me all the paintings and drawings he had 
about; including some pen-and-ink sketches that would, I verily believe, have got 
him kicked out of the club if many of the members had seen them. Before long I 
was pretty nearly a devotee, and would listen for hours like a schoolboy to art 
theories and philosophic speculations wild enough to qualify him for the 
Danvers asylum. My hero-worship, coupled with the fact that people generally 
were commencing to have less and less to do with him, made him get very 
confidential with me; and one evening he hinted that if I were fairly close- 
mouthed and none too squeamish, he might show me something rather unusual- 
something a bit stronger than anything he had in the house. 

'You know,' he said, 'there are things that won't do for Newbury Street- things 
that are out of place here, and that can't be conceived here, anyhow. It's my 
business to catch the overtones of the soul, and you won't find those in a 
parvenu set of artificial streets on made land. Back Bay isn't Boston- it isn't 
anything yet, because it's had no time to pick up memories and attract local 
spirits. If there are any ghosts here, they're the tame ghosts of a salt marsh and a 
shallow cove; and I want human ghosts- the ghosts of beings highly organized 
enough to have looked on hell and known the meaning of what they saw. 

'The place for an artist to live is the North End. If any aesthete were sincere, he'd 
put up with the slums for the sake of the massed traditions. God, man! Don't you 
realize that places like that weren't merely made, but actually grew? Generation 
after generation lived and felt and died there, and in days when people weren't 
afraid to live and fed and die. Don't you know there was a mill on Copp's Hill in 
1632, and that half the present streets were laid out by 1650? I can show you 
houses that have stood two centuries and a half and more; houses that have 



245 



witnessed what would make a modern house crumble into powder. What do 
moderns know of life and the forces behind it? You call the Salem witchcraft a 
delusion, but I'll wager my four-times-great-grandmother could have told you 
things. They hanged her on Gallows Hill, with Cotton Mather looking 
sanctimoniously on. Mather, damn him, was afraid somebody might succeed in 
kicking free of this accursed cage of monotony- I wish someone had laid a spell 
on him or sucked his blood in the night! 

'I can show you a house he lived in, and I can show you another one he was 
afraid to enter in spite of all his fine bold talk. He knew things he didn't dare put 
into that stupid Magnalia or that puerile Wonders of the Invisible World. Look 
here, do you know the whole North End once had a set of tunnels that kept 
certain people in touch with each other's houses, and the burying ground, and 
the sea? Let them prosecute and persecute above ground- things went on every 
day that they couldn't reach, and voices laughed at night that they couldn't 
place! 

'Why, man, out of ten surviving houses built before 1700 and not moved since I'll 
wager that in eight I can show you something queer in the cellar. There's hardly 
a month that you don't read of workmen finding bricked-up arches and wells 
leading nowhere in this or that old place as it comes down- you could see one 
near Henchman Street from the elevated last year. There were witches and what 
their spells summoned; pirates and what they brought in from the sea; 
smugglers; privateers- and I tell you, people knew how to live, and how to 
enlarge the bounds of life, in the old time! This wasn't the only world a bold and 
wise man could know- faugh! And to think of today in contrast, with such pale- 
pink brains that even a club of supposed artists gets shudders and convulsions if 
a picture goes beyond the feelings of a Beacon Street tea-table! 

'The only saving grace of the present is that it's too damned stupid to question 
the past very closely. What do maps and records and guide-books really tell of 
the North End? Bah! At a guess I'll guarantee to lead you to thirty or forty alleys 
and networks of alleys north of Prince Street that aren't suspected by ten living 
beings outside of the foreigners that swarm them. And what do those Dagoes 
know of their meaning? No, Thurber, these ancient places are dreaming 
gorgeously and over-flowing with wonder and terror and escapes from the 
commonplace, and yet there's not a living soul to understand or profit by them. 
Or rather, there's only one living soul- for I haven't been digging around in the 
past for nothing ! 

'See here, you're interested in this sort of thing. What if I told you that I've got 
another studio up there, where I can catch the night-spirit of antique horror and 
paint things that I couldn't even think of in Newbury Street? Naturally I don't 



246 



tell those cursed old maids at the club - with Reid, damn him, whispering even 
as it is that I'm a sort of monster bound down the toboggan of reverse evolution. 
Yes, Thurber, I decided long ago that one must paint terror as well as beauty 
from life, so I did some exploring in places where I had reason to know terror 
lives. 

'I've got a place that I don't believe three living Nordic men besides myself have 
ever seen. It isn't so very far from the elevated as distance goes, but it's centuries 
away as the soul goes. I took it because of the queer old brick well in the cellar- 
one of the sort I told you about. The shack's almost tumbling down so that 
nobody else would live there, and I'd hate to tell you how little I pay for it. The 
windows are boarded up, but I like that all the better, since I don't want daylight 
for what I do. I paint in the cellar, where the inspiration is thickest, but I've other 
rooms furnished on the ground floor. A Sicilian owns it, and I've hired it under 
the name of Peters. 

'Now, if you're game, I'll take you there tonight. I think you'd enjoy the pictures, 
for, as I said, I've let myself go a bit there. It's no vast tour- I sometimes do it on 
foot, for I don't want to attract attention with a taxi in such a place. We can take 
the shuttle at the South Station for Battery Street, and after that the walk isn't 
much.' 

Well, Eliot, there wasn't much for me to do after that harangue but to keep 
myself from running instead of walking for the first vacant cab we could sight. 
We changed to the elevated at the South Station, and at about twelve o'clock had 
climbed down the steps at Battery Street and struck along the old waterfront past 
Constitution Wharf. I didn't keep track of the cross streets, and can't tell you yet 
which it was we turned up, but I know it wasn't Greenough Lane. 

When we did turn, it was to climb through the deserted length of the oldest and 
dirtiest alley I ever saw in my life, with crumbling-looking gables, broken small- 
paned windows, and archaic chimneys that stood out half-disintegrated against 
the moonlit sky. I don't believe there were three houses in sight that hadn't been 
standing in Cotton Mather's time- certainly I glimpsed at least two with an 
overhang, and once I thought I saw a peaked roof-line of the almost forgotten 
pre-gambrel type, though antiquarians tell us there are none left in Boston. 

From that alley, which had a dim light, we turned to the left into an equally silent 
and still narrower alley with no light at all: and in a minute made what I think 
was an obtuse-angled bend towards the right in the dark. Not long after this 
Pickman produced a flashlight and revealed an antediluvian ten-panelled door 
that looked damnably worm-eaten. Unlocking it, he ushered me into a barren 
hallway with what was once splendid dark-oak panelling- simple, of course, but 



247 



thrillingly suggestive of the times of Andros and Phipps and the Witchcraft. 
Then he took me through a door on the left, Hghted an oil lamp, and told me to 
make myself at home. 

Now, Eliot, I'm what the man in the street would call fairly 'hard-boiled,' but I'll 
confess that what I saw on the walls of that room gave me a bad turn. They were 
his pictures, you know - the ones he couldn't paint or even show in Newbury 
Street- and he was right when he said he had 'let himself go.' Here- have another 
drink- I need one anyhow! 

There's no use in my trying to tell you what they were like, because the awful, 
the blasphemous horror, and the unbelievable loathsomeness and moral foetor 
came from simple touches quite beyond the power of words to classify. There 
was none of the exotic technique you see in Sidney Sime, none of the trans- 
Saturnian landscapes and lunar fungi that Clark Ashton Smith uses to freeze the 
blood. The backgrounds were mostly old churchyards, deep woods, cliffs by the 
sea, brick tunnels, ancient panelled rooms, or simple vaults of masonry. Copp's 
Hill Burying Ground, which could not be many blocks away from this very 
house, was a favourite scene. 

The madness and monstrosity lay in the figures in the foreground- for Pickman's 
morbid art was pre-eminently one of demoniac portraiture. These figures were 
seldom completely human, but often approached humanity in varying degree. 
Most of the bodies, while roughly bipedal, had a forward slumping, and a 
vaguely canine cast. The texture of the majority was a kind of unpleasant 
rubberiness. Ugh! I can see them now! Their occupations - well, don't ask me to 
be too precise. They were usually feeding- I won't say on what. They were 
sometimes shown in groups in cemeteries or underground passages, and often 
appeared to be in battle over their prey- or rather, their treasure-trove. And what 
damnable expressiveness Pickman sometimes gave the sightless faces of this 
charnel booty! Occasionally the things were shown leaping through open 
windows at night, or squatting on the chests of sleepers, worrying at their 
throats. One canvas showed a ring of them baying about a hanged witch on 
Gallows Hill, whose dead face held a close kinship to theirs. 

But don't get the idea that it was all this hideous business of theme and setting 
which struck me faint. I'm not a three-year-old kid, and I'd seen much like this 
before. It was the faces, Eliot, those accursed faces, that leered and slavered out 
of the canvas with the very breath of life! By God, man, I verily believe they were 
alive! That nauseous wizard had waked the fires of hell in pigment, and his 
brush had been a nightmare-spawning wand. Give me that decanter, Eliot! 



248 



There was one thing called 'The Lesson'- Heaven pity me, that I ever saw it! 
Listen- can you fancy a squatting circle of nameless dog-like things in a 
churchyard teaching a small child how to feed like themselves? The price of a 
changeling, I suppose- you know the old myth about how the weird people leave 
their spawn in cradles in exchange for the human babes they steal. Pickman was 
showing what happens to those stolen babes- how they grow up- and then I 
began to see a hideous relationship in the faces of the human and non-human 
figures. He was, in all his gradations of morbidity between the frankly non- 
human and the degradedly human, establishing a sardonic linkage and 
evolution. The dog- things were developed from mortals! 

And no sooner had I wondered what he made of their own young as left with 
mankind in the form of changelings, than my eye caught a picture embodying 
that very thought. It was that of an ancient Puritan interior- a heavily beamed 
room with lattice windows, a settle, and clumsy seventeenth-century furniture, 
with the family sitting about while the father read from the Scriptures. Every face 
but one showed nobility and reverence, but that one reflected the mockery of the 
pit. It was that of a young man in years, and no doubt belonged to a supposed 
son of that pious father, but in essence it was the kin of the unclean things. It was 
their changeling- and in a spirit of supreme irony Pickman had given the features 
a very perceptible resemblance to his own. 

By this time Pickman had lighted a lamp in an adjoining room and was politely 
holding open the door for me; asking me if I would care to see his 'modern 
studies.' I hadn't been able to give him much of my opinions- I was too 
speechless with fright and loathing- but I think he fully understood and felt 
highly complimented. And now I want to assure you again, Eliot, that I'm no 
mollycoddle to scream at anything which shows a bit of departure from the 
usual. I'm middle-aged and decently sophisticated, and I guess you saw enough 
of me in France to know I'm not easily knocked out. Remember, too, that I'd just 
about recovered my wind and gotten used to those frightful pictures which 
turned colonial New England into a kind of annex of hell. Well, in spite of all 
this, that next room forced a real scream out of me, and I had to clutch at the 
doorway to keep from keeling over. The other chamber had shown a pack of 
ghouls and witches over-running the world of our forefathers, but this one 
brought the horror right into our own daily life! 

God, how that man could paint! There was a study called 'Subway Accident,' in 
which a flock of the vile things were clambering up from some unknown 
catacomb through a crack in the floor of the Boston Street subway and attacking 
a crowd of people on the platform. Another showed a dance on Copp's Hill 
among the tombs with the background of today. Then there were any number of 
cellar views, with monsters creeping in through holes and rifts in the masonry 



249 



and grinning as they squatted behind barrels or furnaces and waited for their 
first victim to descend the stairs. 

One disgusting canvas seemed to depict a vast cross-section of Beacon Hill, with 
ant-like armies of the mephitic monsters squeezing themselves through burrows 
that honeycombed the ground. Dances in the modern cemeteries were freely 
pictured, and another conception somehow shocked me more than all the rest- a 
scene in an unknown vault, where scores of the beasts crowded about one who 
had a well-known Boston guidebook and was evidently reading aloud. All were 
pointing to a certain passage, and every face seemed so distorted with epileptic 
and reverberant laughter that I almost thought I heard the fiendish echoes. The 
title of the picture was, 'Holmes, Lowell and Longfellow Lie Buried in Mount 
Auburn.' 

As I gradually steadied myself and got readjusted to this second room of deviltry 
and morbidity, I began to analyse some of the points in my sickening loathing. In 
the first place, I said to myself, these things repelled because of the utter 
inhumanity and callous crudity they showed in Pickman. The fellow must be a 
relentless enemy of all mankind to take such glee in the torture of brain and flesh 
and the degradation of the mortal tenement. In the second place, they terrified 
because of their very greatness. Their art was the art that convinced- when we 
saw the pictures we saw the demons themselves and were afraid of them. And 
the queer part was, that Pickman got none of his power from the use of 
selectiveness or bizarrerie. Nothing was blurred, distorted, or conventionalized; 
outlines were sharp and lifelike, and details were almost painfully defined. And 
the faces! 

It was not any mere artist's interpretation that we saw; it was pandemonium 
itself, crystal clear in stark objectivity. That was it, by Heaven! The man was not a 
fantaisiste or romanticist at all- he did not even try to give us the churning, 
prismatic ephemera of dreams, but coldly and sardonically reflected some stable, 
mechanistic, and well-established horror- world which he saw fully, brilliantly, 
squarely, and unfalteringly. God knows what that world can have been, or 
where he ever glimpsed the blasphemous shapes that loped and trotted and 
crawled through it; but whatever the baffling source of his images, one thing was 
plain. Pickman was in every sense- in conception and in execution- a thorough, 
painstaking, and almost scientific realist. 

My host was now leading the way down the cellar to his actual studio, and I 
braced myself for some hellish efforts among the unfinished canvases. As we 
reached the bottom of the damp stairs he fumed his flash-light to a corner of the 
large open space at hand, revealing the circular brick curb of what was evidently 
a great well in the earthen floor. We walked nearer, and I saw that it must be five 



250 



feet across, with walls a good foot thick and some six inches above the ground 
level- solid work of the seventeenth century, or I was much mistaken. That, 
Pickman said, was the kind of thing he had been talking about- an aperture of 
the network of tunnels that used to undermine the hill. I noticed idly that it did 
not seem to be bricked up, and that a heavy disc of wood formed the apparent 
cover. Thinking of the things this well must have been connected with if 
Pickman's wild hints had not been mere rhetoric, I shivered slightly; then turned 
to follow him up a step and through a narrow door into a room of fair size, 
provided with a wooden floor and furnished as a studio. An acetylene gas outfit 
gave the light necessary for work. 

The unfinished pictures on easels or propped against the walls were as ghastly as 
the finished ones upstairs, and showed the painstaking methods of the artist. 
Scenes were blocked out with extreme care, and pencilled guide lines told of the 
minute exactitude which Pickman used in getting the right perspective and 
proportions. The man was great- I say it even now, knowing as much as I do. A 
large camera on a table excited my notice, and Pickman told me that he used it in 
taking scenes for backgrounds, so that he might paint them from photographs in 
the studio instead of carting his oufit around the town for this or that view. He 
thought a photograph quite as good as an actual scene or model for sustained 
work, and declared he employed them regularly. 

There was something very disturbing about the nauseous sketches and half- 
finished monstrosities that leered round from every side of the room, and when 
Pickman suddenly unveiled a huge canvas on the side away from the light I 
could not for my life keep back a loud scream- the second I had emitted that 
night. It echoed and echoed through the dim vaultings of that ancient and 
nitrous cellar, and I had to choke back a flood of reaction that threatened to burst 
out as hysterical laughter. Merciful Creator! Eliot, but I don't know how much 
was real and how much was feverish fancy. It doesn't seem to me that earth can 
hold a dream like that! 

It was a colossal and nameless blasphemy with glaring red eyes, and it held in 
bony claws a thing that had been a man, gnawing at the head as a child nibbles at 
a stick of candy. Its position was a kind of crouch, and as one looked one felt that 
at any moment it might drop its present prey and seek a juicier morsel. But damn 
it all, it wasn't even the fiendish subject that made it such an immortal fountain- 
head of all panic- not that, nor the dog face with its pointed ears, bloodshot eyes, 
flat nose, and drooling lips. It wasn't the scaly claws nor the mould-caked body 
nor the half-hooved feet- none of these, though any one of them might well have 
driven an excitable man to madness. 



251 



It was the technique, Ehot- the cursed, the impious, the unnatural technique! As I 
am a Hving being, I never elsewhere saw the actual breath of life so fused into a 
canvas. The monster was there- it glared and gnawed and gnawed and glared- 
and I knew that only a suspension of Nature's laws could ever let a man paint a 
thing like that without a model- without some glimpse of the nether world which 
no mortal unsold to the Fiend has ever had. 

Pinned with a thumb-tack to a vacant part of the canvas was a piece of paper 
now badly curled up- probably, I thought, a photograph from which Pickman 
meant to paint a background as hideous as the nightmare it was to enhance. I 
reached out to uncurl and look at it, when suddenly I saw Pickman start as if 
shot. He had been listening with peculiar intensity ever since my shocked scream 
had waked unaccustomed echoes in the dark cellar, and now he seemed struck 
with a fright which, though not comparable to my own, had in it more of the 
physical than of the spiritual. He drew a revolver and motioned me to silence, 
then stepped out into the main cellar and closed the door behind him. 

I think I was paralysed for an instant. Imitating Pickman's listening, I fancied I 
heard a faint scurrying sound somewhere, and a series of squeals or beats in a 
direction I couldn't determine. I thought of huge rats and shuddered. Then there 
came a subdued sort of clatter which somehow set me all in gooseflesh- a furtive, 
groping kind of clatter, though I can't attempt to convey what I mean in words. It 
was like heavy wood falling on stone or brick- wood on brick- what did that 
make me think of? 

It came again, and louder. There was a vibration as if the wood had fallen farther 
than it had fallen before. After that followed a sharp grating noise, a shouted 
gibberish from Pickman, and the deafening discharge of all six chambers of a 
revolver, fired spectacularly as a lion tamer might fire in the air for effect. A 
muffled squeal or squawk, and a thud. Then more wood and brick grating, a 
pause, and the opening of the door- at which I'll confess I started violently. 
Pickman reappeared with his smoking weapon, cursing the bloated rats that 
infested the ancient well. 

'The deuce knows what they eat, Thurber,' he grinned, 'for those archaic tunnels 
touched graveyard and witch-den and sea-coast. But whatever it is, they must 
have run short, for they were devilish anxious to get out. Your yelling stirred 
them up, I fancy. Better be cautious in these old places- our rodent friends are the 
one drawback, though I sometimes think they're a positive asset by way of 
atmosphere and colour.' 

Well, Eliot, that was the end of the night's adventure. Pickman had promised to 
show me the place, and Heaven knows he had done it. He led me out of that 



252 



tangle of alleys in another direction, it seems, for when we sighted a lamp-post 
we were in a half-familiar street with monotonous rows of mingled tenement 
blocks and old houses. Charter Street, it turned out to be, but I was too flustered 
to notice just where we hit it. We were too late for the elevated, and walked back 
downtown through Hanover Street. I remember that wall. We switched from 
Tremont up Beacon, and Pickman left me at the corner of Joy, where I turned off. 
I never spoke to him again. 

Why did I drop him? Don't be impatient. Wait till I ring for coffee. We've had 
enough of the other stuff, but I for one need something. No -it wasn't the 
paintings I saw in that place; though I'll swear they were enough to get him 
ostracised in nine-tenths of the homes and clubs of Boston, and I guess you won't 
wonder now why I have to steer clear of subways and cellars. It was- something I 
found in my coat the next morning. You know, the curled-up paper tacked to the 
frightful canvas in the cellar; the thing I thought was a photograph of some scene 
he meant to use as a background for that monster. That last scare had come while 
I was reaching to uncurl it, and it seems I had vacantly crumpled it into my 
pocket. But here's the coffee- take it black, Eliot, if you're wise. 

Yes, that paper was the reason I dropped Pickman; Richard Upton Pickman, the 
greatest artist I have ever known- and the foulest being that ever leaped the 
bounds of life into the pits of myth and madness. Eliot- old Reid was right. He 
wasn't strictly human. Either he was born in strange shadow, or he'd found a 
way to unlock the forbidden gate. It's all the same now, for he's gone- back into 
the fabulous darkness he loved to haunt. Here, let's have the chandelier going. 

Don't ask me to explain or even conjecture about what I burned. Don't ask me, 
either, what lay behind that mole-like scrambling Pickman was so keen to pass 
off as rats. There are secrets, you know, which might have come down from old 
Salem times, and Cotton Mather tells even stranger things. You know how 
damned lifelike Pickman's paintings were- how we all wondered where he got 
those faces. 

Well - that paper wasn't a photograph of any background, after all. What it 
showed was simply the monstrous being he was painting on that awful canvas. 
It was the model he was using- and its background was merely the wall of the 
cellar studio in minute detail. But by God, Eliot, it was a photograph from life! 



253 



Polaris 



Written in 1918 

Published December in 1920 in The Philosopher 

Into the North Window of my chamber glows the Pole Star with uncanny light. 
All through the long hellish hours of blackness it shines there. And in the 
autumn of the year, when the winds from the north curse and whine, and the 
red-leaved trees of the swamp mutter things to one another in the small hours of 
the morning under the horned waning moon, I sit by the casement and watch 
that star. Down from the heights reels the glittering Cassiopeia as the hours wear 
on, while Charles' Wain lumbers up from behind the vapour-soaked swamp 
trees that sway in the night wind. Just before dawn Arcturus winks ruddily from 
above the cemetary on the low hillock, and Coma Berenices shimmers weirdly 
afar off in the mysterious east; but still the Pole Star leers down from the same 
place in the black vault, winking hideously like an insane watching eye which 
strives to convey some strange message, yet recalls nothing save that it once had 
a message to convey. Sometimes, when it is cloudy, I can sleep. 
Well do I remember the night of the great Aurora, when over the swamp played 
the shocking corruscations of the demon light. After the beam came clouds, and 
then I slept. 

And it was under a horned waning moon that I saw the city for the first time. 
Still and somnolent did it lie, on a strange plateau in a hollow between strange 
peaks. Of ghastly marble were its walls and its towers, its columns, domes, and 
pavements. In the marble streets were marble pillars, the upper parts of which 
were carven into the images of grave bearded men. The air was warm and stirred 
not. And overhead, scarce ten degrees from the zenith, glowed that watching 
Pole Star. Long did I gaze on the city, but the day came not. When the red 
Aldebaran, which blinked low in the sky but never set, had crawled a quarter of 
the way around the horizon, I saw light and motion in the houses and the streets. 
Forms strangely robed, but at once noble and familiar, walked abroad and under 
the horned waning moon men talked wisdom in a tongue which I understood, 
though it was unlike any language which I had ever known. And when the red 
Aldebaran had crawled more than half-way around the horizon, there were 
again darkness and silence. 

When I awaked, I was not as I had been. Upon my memory was graven the 
vision of the city, and within my soul had arisen another and vaguer recollection, 
of whose nature I was not then certain. Thereafter, on the cloudy nights when I 
could not sleep, I saw the city often; sometimes under the hot, yellow rays of a 



254 



sun which did not set, but which wheeled low in the horizon. And on the clear 
nights the Pole Star leered as never before. 

Gradually I came to wonder what might be my place in that city on the strange 
plateau betwixt strange peaks. At first content to view the scene as an all- 
observant uncorporeal presence, I now desired to define my relation to it, and to 
speak my mind amongst the grave men who conversed each day in the public 
squares. I said to myself, "This is no dream, for by what means can I prove the 
greater reality of that other life in the house of stone and brick south of the 
sinister swamp and the cemetery on the low hillock, where the Pole Star peeps 
into my north window each night?" 

One night as I listened to the discourses in the large square containing many 
statues, I felt a change; and perceived that I had at last a bodily form. Nor was I a 
stranger in the streets of Olathoe, which lies on the plateau of Sarkia, betwixt the 
peaks of Noton and Kadiphonek. It was my friend Alos who spoke, and his 
speech was one that pleased my soul, for it was the speech of a true man and 
patriot. That night had the news come of Daikos' fall, and of the advance of the 
Inutos; squat, hellish yellow fiends who five years ago had appeared out of the 
unknown west to ravage the confines of our kingdom, and to besiege many of 
our towns. Having taken the fortified places at the foot of the mountains, their 
way now lay open to the plateau, unless every citizen could resist with the 
strength of ten men. For the squat creatures were mighty in the arts of war, and 
knew not the scruples of honour which held back our tall, grey-eyed men of 
Lomar from ruthless conquest. 

Alos, my friend, was commander of all the forces on the plateau, and in him lay 
the last hope of our country. On this occasion he spoke of the perils to be faced 
and exhorted the men of Olathoe, bravest of the Lomarians, to sustain the 
traditions of their ancestors, who when forced to move southward from Zobna 
before the advance of the great ice sheet (even as our descendents must some day 
flee from the land of Lomar) valiently and victoriously swept aside the hairly, 
long-armed, cannibal Gnophkehs that stood in their way. To me Alos denied the 
warriors part, for I was feeble and given to strange faintings when subjected to 
stress and hardships. But my eyes were the keenest in the city, despite the long 
hours I gave each day to the study of the Pnakotic manuscripts and the wisdom 
of the Zobnarian Fathers; so my friend, desiring not to doom me to inaction, 
rewarded me with that duty which was second to nothing in importance. To the 
watchtower of Thapnen he sent me, there to serve as the eyes of our army. 
Should the Inutos attempt to gain the citadel by the narrow pass behind the peak 
Noton and thereby surprise the garrison, I was to give the signal of fire which 
would warn the waiting soldiers and save the town from immediate disaster. 



255 



Alone I mounted the tower, for every man of stout body was needed in the 
passes below. My brain was sore dazed with excitement and fatigue, for I had 
not slept in many days; yet was my purpose firm, for I loved my native land of 
Lomar, and the marble city Olathoe that lies betwixt the peaks Noton and 
Kadiphonek. 

But as I stood in the tower's topmost chamber, I beheld the horned waning 
moon, red and sinister, quivering through the vapours that hovered over the 
distant valley of Banof. And through an opening in the roof glittered the pale 
Pole Star, fluttering as if alive, and leering like a fiend and tempter. Methought 
its spirit whispered evil counsel, soothing me to traitorous somnolence with a 
damnable rhythmical promise which it repeated over and over: 



Slumber, 


watcher. 




till 






the 




spheres. 


Six 
Have 


and 

revolv'd. 


twenty 

and 




thousand 
I 




years 
return 


To 


the spot 




where 




now 




I 


burn. 


Other 


stars 




anon 






shall 




rise 


To 


the axis 




of 




the 




skies; 


Stars 


that soothe 




and 




stars 




that 


bless 


With 


a 




sweet 






for 


getfulness: 


Only 


when 


my 




round 




is 


o'er 



Shall the past disturb thy door. 

Vainly did I struggle with my drowsiness, seeking to connect these strange 
words with some lore of the skies which I had learnt from the Pnakotic 
manuscripts. My head, heavy and reeling, drooped to my breast, and when next 
I looked up it was in a dream, with the Pole Star grinning at me through a 
window from over the horrible and swaying trees of a dream swamp. And I am 
still dreaming. 

In my shame and despair I sometimes scream frantically, begging the dream- 
creatures around me to waken me ere the Inutos steal up the pass behind the 
peak Noton and take the citadel by surprise; but these creatures are demons, for 
they laugh at me and tell me I am not dreaming. They mock me whilst I sleep, 
and whilst the squat yellow foe may be creeping silently upon us. I have failed in 
my duties and betrayed the marble city of Olathoe; I have proven false to Alos, 
my friend and commander. But still these shadows of my dreams deride me. 
They say there is no land of Lomar, save in my nocturnal imaginings; that in 
these realms where the Pole Star shines high, and red Aldebaran crawls low 
around the horizon, there has been naught save ice and snow for thousands of 
years of years, and never a man save squat, yellow creatures, blighted by the 
cold, called "Esquimaux." 



256 



And as I writhe in my guilty agony, frantic to save the city whose peril every 
moment grows, and vainly striving to shake off this unnatural dream of a house 
of stone and brick south of a sinister swamp and a cemetery on a low hillock, the 
Pole Star, evil and monstrous, leers down from the black vault, winking 
hideously like an insane watching eye which strives to convey some message, yet 
recalls nothing save that it once had a message to convey. 



257 



The Alchemist 

Written in 1908 

Published November 1916 in The United Amateur 

High up, crowning the grassy summit of a swelHng mount whose sides are 
wooded near the base with the gnarled trees of the primeval forest stands the old 
chateau of my ancestors. For centuries its lofty battlements have frowned down 
upon the wild and rugged countryside about, serving as a home and stronghold 
for the proud house whose honored line is older even than the moss-grown 
castle walls. These ancient turrets, stained by the storms of generations and 
crumbling under the slow yet mighty pressure of time, formed in the ages of 
feudalism one of the most dreaded and formidable fortresses in all France. From 
its machicolated parapets and mounted battlements Barons, Counts, and even 
Kings had been defied, yet never had its spacious halls resounded to the 
footsteps of the invader. 

But since those glorious years, all is changed. A poverty but little above the level 
of dire want, together with a pride of name that forbids its alleviation by the 
pursuits of commercial life, have prevented the scions of our line from 
maintaining their estates in pristine splendour; and the falling stones of the 
walls, the overgrown vegetation in the parks, the dry and dusty moat, the ill- 
paved courtyards, and toppling towers without, as well as the sagging floors, the 
worm-eaten wainscots, and the faded tapestries within, all tell a gloomy tale of 
fallen grandeur. As the ages passed, first one, then another of the four great 
turrets were left to ruin, until at last but a single tower housed the sadly reduced 
descendants of the once mighty lords of the estate. 

It was in one of the vast and gloomy chambers of this remaining tower that I, 
Antoine, last of the unhappy and accursed Counts de C-, first saw the light of 
day, ninety long years ago. Within these walls and amongst the dark and 
shadowy forests, the wild ravines and grottos of the hillside below, were spent 
the first years of my troubled life. My parents I never knew. My father had been 
killed at the age of thirty-two, a month before I was born, by the fall of a stone 
somehow dislodged from one of the deserted parapets of the castle. And my 
mother having died at my birth, my care and education devolved solely upon 
one remaining servitor, an old and trusted man of considerable intelligence, 
whose name I remember as Pierre. I was an only child and the lack of 
companionship which this fact entailed upon me was augmented by the strange 
care exercised by my aged guardian, in excluding me from the society of the 
peasant children whose abodes were scattered here and there upon the plains 



258 



that surround the base of the hill. At that time, Pierre said that this restriction 
was imposed upon me because my noble birth placed me above association with 
such plebeian company. Now I know that its real object was to keep from my 
ears the idle tales of the dread curse upon our line that were nightly told and 
magnified by the simple tenantry as they conversed in hushed accents in the 
glow of their cottage hearths. 

Thus isolated, and thrown upon my own resources, I spent the hours of my 
childhood in poring over the ancient tomes that filled the shadow haunted 
library of the chateau, and in roaming without aim or purpose through the 
perpetual dust of the spectral wood that clothes the side of the hill near its foot. It 
was perhaps an effect of such surroundings that my mind early acquired a shade 
of melancholy. Those studies and pursuits which partake of the dark and occult 
in nature most strongly claimed my attention. 

Of my own race I was permitted to learn singularly little, yet what small 
knowledge of it I was able to gain seemed to depress me much. Perhaps it was at 
first only the manifest reluctance of my old preceptor to discuss with me my 
paternal ancestry that gave rise to the terror which I ever felt at the mention of 
my great house, yet as I grew out of childhood, I was able to piece together 
disconnected fragments of discourse, let slip from the unwilling tongue which 
had begun to falter in approaching senility, that had a sort of relation to a certain 
circumstance which I had always deemed strange, but which now became dimly 
terrible. The circumstance to which I allude is the early age at which all the 
Counts of my line had met their end. Whilst I had hitherto considered this but a 
natural attribute of a family of short-lived men, I afterward pondered long upon 
these premature deaths, and began to connect them with the wanderings of the 
old man, who often spoke of a curse which for centuries had prevented the lives 
of the holders of my title from much exceeding the span of thirty-two years. 
Upon my twenty-first birthday, the aged Pierre gave to me a family document 
which he said had for many generations been handed down from father to son, 
and continued by each possessor. Its contents were of the most startling nature, 
and its perusal confirmed the gravest of my apprehensions. At this time, my 
belief in the supernatural was firm and deep-seated, else I should have dismissed 
with scorn the incredible narrative unfolded before my eyes. 

The paper carried me back to the days of the thirteenth century, when the old 
castle in which I sat had been a feared and impregnable fortress. It told of a 
certain ancient man who had once dwelled on our estates, a person of no small 
accomplishments, though little above the rank of peasant, by name, Michel, 
usually designated by the surname of Mauvais, the Evil, on account of his 
sinister reputation. He had studied beyond the custom of his kind, seeking such 
things as the Philosopher's Stone or the Elixir of Eternal Life, and was reputed 



259 



wise in the terrible secrets of Black Magic and Alchemy. Michel Mauvais had one 
son, named Charles, a youth as proficient as himself in the hidden arts, who had 
therefore been called Le Sorcier, or the Wizard. This pair, shunned by all honest 
folk, were suspected of the most hideous practices. Old Michel was said to have 
burnt his wife alive as a sacrifice to the Devil, and the unaccountable 
disappearance of many small peasant children was laid at the dreaded door of 
these two. Yet through the dark natures of the father and son ran one redeeming 
ray of humanity; the evil old man loved his offspring with fierce intensity, whilst 
the youth had for his parent a more than filial affection. 

One night the castle on the hill was thrown into the wildest confusion by the 
vanishment of young Godfrey, son to Henri, the Count. A searching party, 
headed by the frantic father, invaded the cottage of the sorcerers and there came 
upon old Michel Mauvais, busy over a huge and violently boiling cauldron. 
Without certain cause, in the ungoverned madness of fury and despair, the 
Count laid hands on the aged wizard, and ere he released his murderous hold, 
his victim was no more. Meanwhile, joyful servants were proclaiming the finding 
of young Godfrey in a distant and unused chamber of the great edifice, telling 
too late that poor Michel had been killed in vain. As the Count and his associates 
turned away from the lowly abode of the alchemist, the form of Charles Le 
Sorcier appeared through the trees. The excited chatter of the menials standing 
about told him what had occurred, yet he seemed at first unmoved at his father's 
fate. Then, slowly advancing to meet the Count, he pronounced in dull yet 
terrible accents the curse that ever afterward haunted the house of C-. 

'May ne'er a noble of thy murd'rous line 

Survive to reach a greater age than thine!' 

spake he, when, suddenly leaping backwards into the black woods, he drew 
from his tunic a phial of colourless liquid which he threw into the face of his 
father's slayer as he disappeared behind the inky curtain of the night. The Count 
died without utterance, and was buried the next day, but little more than two 
and thirty years from the hour of his birth. No trace of the assassin could be 
found, though relentless bands of peasants scoured the neighboring woods and 
the meadowland around the hill. 

Thus time and the want of a reminder dulled the memory of the curse in the 
minds of the late Count's family, so that when Godfrey, innocent cause of the 
whole tragedy and now bearing the title, was killed by an arrow whilst hunting 
at the age of thirty-two, there were no thoughts save those of grief at his demise. 
But when, years afterward, the next young Count, Robert by name, was found 
dead in a nearby field of no apparent cause, the peasants told in whispers that 
their seigneur had but lately passed his thirty-second birthday when surprised 



260 



by early death. Louis, son to Robert, was found drowned in the moat at the same 
fateful age, and thus down through the centuries ran the ominous chronicle: 
Henris, Roberts, Antoines, and Armands snatched from happy and virtuous lives 
when little below the age of their unfortunate ancestor at his murder. 

That I had left at most but eleven years of further existence was made certain to 
me by the words which I had read. My life, previously held at small value, now 
became dearer to me each day, as I delved deeper and deeper into the mysteries 
of the hidden world of black magic. Isolated as I was, modern science had 
produced no impression upon me, and I laboured as in the Middle Ages, as 
wrapt as had been old Michel and young Charles themselves in the acquisition of 
demonological and alchemical learning. Yet read as I might, in no manner could I 
account for the strange curse upon my line. In unusually rational moments I 
would even go so far as to seek a natural explanation, attributing the early deaths 
of my ancestors to the sinister Charles Le Sorcier and his heirs; yet, having found 
upon careful inquiry that there were no known descendants of the alchemist, I 
would fall back to occult studies, and once more endeavor to find a spell, that 
would release my house from its terrible burden. Upon one thing I was 
absolutely resolved. I should never wed, for, since no other branch of my family 
was in existence, I might thus end the curse with myself. 

As I drew near the age of thirty, old Pierre was called to the land beyond. Alone I 
buried him beneath the stones of the courtyard about which he had loved to 
wander in life. Thus was I left to ponder on myself as the only human creature 
within the great fortress, and in my utter solitude my mind began to cease its 
vain protest against the impending doom, to become almost reconciled to the fate 
which so many of my ancestors had met. Much of my time was now occupied in 
the exploration of the ruined and abandoned halls and towers of the old chateau, 
which in youth fear had caused me to shun, and some of which old Pierre had 
once told me had not been trodden by human foot for over four centuries. 
Strange and awesome were many of the objects I encountered. Furniture, 
covered by the dust of ages and crumbling with the rot of long dampness, met 
my eyes. Cobwebs in a profusion never before seen by me were spun 
everywhere, and huge bats flapped their bony and uncanny wings on all sides of 
the otherwise untenanted gloom. 

Of my exact age, even down to days and hours, I kept a most careful record, for 
each movement of the pendulum of the massive clock in the library told off so 
much of my doomed existence. At length I approached that time which I had so 
long viewed with apprehension. Since most of my ancestors had been seized 
some little while before they reached the exact age of Count Henri at his end, I 
was every moment on the watch for the coming of the unknown death. In what 
strange form the curse should overtake me, I knew not; but I was resolved at 



261 



least that it should not find me a cowardly or a passive victim. With new vigour I 
applied myself to my examination of the old chateau and its contents. 

It was upon one of the longest of all my excursions of discovery in the deserted 
portion of the castle, less than a week before that fatal hour which I felt must 
mark the utmost limit of my stay on earth, beyond which I could have not even 
the slightest hope of continuing to draw breath that I came upon the culminating 
event of my whole life. I had spent the better part of the morning in climbing up 
and down half ruined staircases in one of the most dilapidated of the ancient 
turrets. As the afternoon progressed, I sought the lower levels, descending into 
what appeared to be either a mediaeval place of confinement, or a more recently 
excavated storehouse for gunpowder. As I slowly traversed the nitre-encrusted 
passageway at the foot of the last staircase, the paving became very damp, and 
soon I saw by the light of my flickering torch that a blank, water-stained wall 
impeded my journey. Turning to retrace my steps, my eye fell upon a small 
trapdoor with a ring, which lay directly beneath my foot. Pausing, I succeeded 
with difficulty in raising it, whereupon there was revealed a black aperture, 
exhaling noxious fumes which caused my torch to sputter, and disclosing in the 
unsteady glare the top of a flight of stone steps. 

As soon as the torch which I lowered into the repellent depths burned freely and 
steadily, I commenced my descent. The steps were many, and led to a narrow 
stone-flagged passage which I knew must be far underground. This passage 
proved of great length, and terminated in a massive oaken door, dripping with 
the moisture of the place, and stoutly resisting all my attempts to open it. 
Ceasing after a time my efforts in this direction, I had proceeded back some 
distance toward the steps when there suddenly fell to my experience one of the 
most profound and maddening shocks capable of reception by the human mind. 
Without warning, I heard the heavy door behind me creak slowly open upon its 
rusted hinges. My immediate sensations were incapable of analysis. To be 
confronted in a place as thoroughly deserted as I had deemed the old castle with 
evidence of the presence of man or spirit produced in my brain a horror of the 
most acute description. When at last I turned and faced the seat of the sound, my 
eyes must have started from their orbits at the sight that they beheld. 

There in the ancient Gothic doorway stood a human figure. It was that of a man 
clad in a skull-cap and long mediaeval tunic of dark colour. His long hair and 
flowing beard were of a terrible and intense black hue, and of incredible 
profusion. His forehead, high beyond the usual dimensions; his cheeks, deep- 
sunken and heavily lined with wrinkles; and his hands, long, claw-like, and 
gnarled, were of such a deadly marble-like whiteness as I have never elsewhere 
seen in man. His figure, lean to the proportions of a skeleton, was strangely bent 
and almost lost within the voluminous folds of his peculiar garment. But 



262 



strangest of all were his eyes, twin caves of abysmal blackness, profound in 
expression of understanding, yet inhuman in degree of wickedness. These were 
now fixed upon me, piercing my soul with their hatred, and rooting me to the 
spot whereon I stood. 

At last the figure spoke in a rumbling voice that chilled me through with its dull 
hoUowness and latent malevolence. The language in which the discourse was 
clothed was that debased form of Latin in use amongst the more learned men of 
the Middle Ages, and made familiar to me by my prolonged researches into the 
works of the old alchemists and demonologists. The apparition spoke of the 
curse which had hovered over my house, told me of my coming end, dwelt on 
the wrong perpetrated by my ancestor against old Michel Mauvais, and gloated 
over the revenge of Charles Le Sorcier. He told how young Charles has escaped 
into the night, returning in after years to kill Godfrey the heir with an arrow just 
as he approached the age which had been his father's at his assassination; how 
he had secretly returned to the estate and established himself, unknown, in the 
even then deserted subterranean chamber whose doorway now framed the 
hideous narrator, how he had seized Robert, son of Godfrey, in a field, forced 
poison down his throat, and left him to die at the age of thirty-two, thus 
maintaing the foul provisions of his vengeful curse. At this point I was left to 
imagine the solution of the greatest mystery of all, how the curse had been 
fulfilled since that time when Charles Le Sorcier must in the course of nature 
have died, for the man digressed into an account of the deep alchemical studies 
of the two wizards, father and son, speaking most particularly of the researches 
of Charles Le Sorcier concerning the elixir which should grant to him who 
partook of it eternal life and youth. 

His enthusiasm had seemed for the moment to remove from his terrible eyes the 
black malevolence that had first so haunted me, but suddenly the fiendish glare 
returned and, with a shocking sound like the hissing of a serpent, the stranger 
raised a glass phial with the evident intent of ending my life as had Charles Le 
Sorcier, six hundred years before, ended that of my ancestor. Prompted by some 
preserving instinct of self-defense, I broke through the spell that had hitherto 
held me immovable, and flung my now dying torch at the creature who menaced 
my existence. I heard the phial break harmlessly against the stones of the passage 
as the tunic of the strange man caught fire and lit the horrid scene with a ghastly 
radiance. The shriek of fright and impotent malice emitted by the would-be 
assassin proved too much for my already shaken nerves, and I fell prone upon 
the slimy floor in a total faint. 

When at last my senses returned, all was frightfully dark, and my mind, 
remembering what had occurred, shrank from the idea of beholding any more; 
yet curiosity over-mastered all. Who, I asked myself, was this man of evil, and 



263 



how came he within the castle walls? Why should he seek to avenge the death of 
Michel Mauvais, and how bad the curse been carried on through all the long 
centuries since the time of Charles Le Sorcier? The dread of years was lifted from 
my shoulder, for I knew that he whom I had felled was the source of all my 
danger from the curse; and now that I was free, I burned with the desire to learn 
more of the sinister thing which had haunted my line for centuries, and made of 
my own youth one long-continued nightmare. Determined upon further 
exploration, I felt in my pockets for flint and steel, and lit the unused torch which 
I had with me. 

First of all, new light revealed the distorted and blackened form of the 
mysterious stranger. The hideous eyes were now closed. Disliking the sight, I 
turned away and entered the chamber beyond the Gothic door. Here I found 
what seemed much like an alchemist's laboratory. In one corner was an immense 
pile of shining yellow metal that sparkled gorgeously in the light of the torch. It 
may have been gold, but I did not pause to examine it, for I was strangely 
affected by that which I had undergone. At the farther end of the apartment was 
an opening leading out into one of the many wild ravines of the dark hillside 
forest. Filled with wonder, yet now realizing how the man had obtained access to 
the chauteau, I proceeded to return. I had intended to pass by the remains of the 
stranger with averted face but, as I approached the body, I seemed to hear 
emanating from it a faint sound, as though life were not yet wholly extinct. 
Aghast, I turned to examine the charred and shrivelled figure on the floor. 

Then all at once the horrible eyes, blacker even than the seared face in which they 
were set, opened wide with an expression which I was unable to interpret. The 
cracked lips tried to frame words which I could not well understand. Once I 
caught the name of Charles Le Sorcier, and again I fancied that the words 'years' 
and 'curse' issued from the twisted mouth. Still I was at a loss to gather the 
purport of his disconnnected speech. At my evident ignorance of his meaning, 
the pitchy eyes once more flashed malevolently at me, until, helpless as I saw my 
opponent to be, I trembled as I watched him. 

Suddenly the wretch, animated with his last burst of strength, raised his piteous 
head from the damp and sunken pavement. Then, as I remained, paralyzed with 
fear, he found his voice and in his dying breath screamed forth those words 
which have ever afterward haunted my days and nights. 'Fool!' he shrieked, 
'Can you not guess my secret? Have you no brain whereby you may recognize 
the will which has through six long centuries fulfilled the dreadful curse upon 
the house? Have I not told you of the great elixir of eternal life? Know you not 
how the secret of Alchemy was solved? I tell you, it is I! I! I! that have lived for 
six hundred years to maintain my revenge, for I am Charles Le Sorcier!' 



264 



The Beast in the Cave 

Written on April 21, 1905 

Published in June 1918 in The Vagrant 

The horrible conclusion which had been gradually intruding itself upon my 
confused and reluctant mind was now an awful certainty. I was lost, completely, 
hopelessly lost in the vast and labyrinthine recess of the Mammoth Cave. Turn as 
I might, in no direction could my straining vision seize on any object capable of 
serving as a guidepost to set me on the outward path. That nevermore should I 
behold the blessed light of day, or scan the pleasant bills and dales of the 
beautiful world outside, my reason could no longer entertain the slightest 
unbelief. Hope had departed. Yet, indoctrinated as I was by a life of 
philosophical study, I derived no small measure of satisfaction from my 
unimpassioned demeanour; for although I had frequently read of the wild 
frenzies into which were thrown the victims of similar situations, I experienced 
none of these, but stood quiet as soon as I clearly realised the loss of my bearings. 

Nor did the thought that I had probably wandered beyond the utmost limits of 
an ordinary search cause me to abandon my composure even for a moment. If I 
must die, I reflected, then was this terrible yet majestic cavern as welcome a 
sepulchre as that which any churchyard might afford, a conception which carried 
with it more of tranquillity than of despair. 

Starving would prove my ultimate fate; of this I was certain. Some, I knew, had 
gone mad under circumstances such as these, but I felt that this end would not be 
mine. My disaster was the result of no fault save my own, since unknown to the 
guide I had separated myself from the regular party of sightseers; and, 
wandering for over an hour in forbidden avenues of the cave, had found myself 
unable to retrace the devious windings which I had pursued since forsaking my 
companions. 

Already my torch had begun to expire; soon I would be enveloped by the total 
and almost palpable blackness of the bowels of the earth. As I stood in the 
waning, unsteady light, I idly wondered over the exact circumstances of my 
coming end. I remembered the accounts which I had heard of the colony of 
consumptives, who, taking their residence in this gigantic grotto to find health 
from the apparently salubrious air of the underground world, with its steady, 
uniform temperature, pure air, and peaceful quiet, had found, instead, death in 
strange and ghastly form. I had seen the sad remains of their ill-made cottages as 
I passed them by with the party, and had wondered what unnatural influence a 



265 



long sojourn in this immense and silent cavern would exert upon one as healthy 
and vigorous as I. Now, I grimly told myself, my opportunity for settling this 
point had arrived, provided that want of food should not bring me too speedy a 
departure from this life. 

As the last fitful rays of my torch faded into obscurity, I resolved to leave no 
stone unturned, no possible means of escape neglected; so, summoning all the 
powers possessed by my lungs, I set up a series of loud shoutings, in the vain 
hope of attracting the attention of the guide by my clamour. Yet, as I called, I 
believed in my heart that my cries were to no purpose, and that my voice, 
magnified and reflected by the numberless ramparts of the black maze about me, 
fell upon no ears save my own. 

All at once, however, my attention was fixed with a start as I fancied that I heard 
the sound of soft approaching steps on the rocky floor of the cavern. 

Was my deliverance about to be accomplished so soon? Had, then, all my 
horrible apprehensions been for naught, and was the guide, having marked my 
unwarranted absence from the party, following my course and seeking me out in 
this limestone labyrinth? Whilst these joyful queries arose in my brain, I was on 
the point of renewing my cries, in order that my discovery might come the 
sooner, when in an instant my delight was turned to horror as I listened; for my 
ever acute ear, now sharpened in even greater degree by the complete silence of 
the cave, bore to my benumbed understanding the unexpected and dreadful 
knowledge that these footfalls were not like those of any mortal man. In the 
unearthly stillness of this subterranean region, the tread of the booted guide 
would have sounded like a series of sharp and incisive blows. These impacts 
were soft, and stealthy, as of the paws of some feline. Besides, when I listened 
carefully, I seemed to trace the falls of four instead of two feet. 

I was now convinced that I had by my own cries aroused and attracted some 
wild beast, perhaps a mountain lion which had accidentally strayed within the 
cave. Perhaps, I considered, the Almighty had chosen for me a swifter and more 
merciful death than that of hunger; yet the instinct of self-preservation, never 
wholly dormant, was stirred in my breast, and though escape from the on- 
coming peril might but spare me for a sterner and more lingering end, I 
determined nevertheless to part with my life at as high a price as I could 
command. Strange as it may seem, my mind conceived of no intent on the part of 
the visitor save that of hostility. Accordingly, I became very quiet, in the hope 
that the unknown beast would, in the absence of a guiding sound, lose its 
direction as had I, and thus pass me by. But this hope was not destined for 
realisation, for the strange footfalls steadily advanced, the animal evidently 
having obtained my scent, which in an atmosphere so absolutely free from all 



266 



distracting influences as is that of the cave, could doubtless be followed at great 
distance. 

Seeing therefore that I must be armed for defense against an uncanny and unseen 
attack in the dark, I groped about me the largest of the fragments of rock which 
were strewn upon all parts of the floor of the cavern in the vicinity, and grasping 
one in each hand for immediate use, awaited with resignation the inevitable 
result. Meanwhile the hideous pattering of the paws drew near. Certainly, the 
conduct of the creature was exceedingly strange. Most of the time, the tread 
seemed to be that of a quadruped, walking with a singular lack of unison betwixt 
hind and fore feet, yet at brief and infrequent intervals I fancied that but two feet 
were engaged in the process of locomotion. I wondered what species of animal 
was to confront me; it must, I thought, be some unfortunate beast who had paid 
for its curiosity to investigate one of the entrances of the fearful grotto with a life- 
long confinement in its interminable recesses. It doubtless obtained as food the 
eyeless fish, bats and rats of the cave, as well as some of the ordinary fish that are 
wafted in at every freshet of Green River, which communicates in some occult 
manner with the waters of the cave. I occupied my terrible vigil with grotesque 
conjectures of what alteration cave life might have wrought in the physical 
structure of the beast, remembering the awful appearances ascribed by local 
tradition to the consumptives who had died after long residence in the cave. 
Then I remembered with a start that, even should I succeed in felling my 
antagonist, I should never behold its form, as my torch had long since been 
extinct, and I was entirely unprovided with matches. The tension on my brain 
now became frightful. My disordered fancy conjured up hideous and fearsome 
shapes from the sinister darkness that surrounded me, and that actually seemed 
to press upon my body. Nearer, nearer, the dreadful footfalls approached. It 
seemed that I must give vent to a piercing scream, yet had I been sufficiently 
irresolute to attempt such a thing, my voice could scarce have responded. I was 
petrified, rooted to the spot. I doubted if my right arm would allow me to hurl its 
missile at the oncoming thing when the crucial moment should arrive. Now the 
steady pat, pat, of the steps was close at hand; now very close. I could hear the 
laboured breathing of the animal, and terror-struck as I was, I realised that it 
must have come from a considerable distance, and was correspondingly 
fatigued. Suddenly the spell broke. My right hand, guided by my ever 
trustworthy sense of hearing, threw with full force the sharp-angled bit of 
limestone which it contained, toward that point in the darkness from which 
emanated the breathing and pattering, and, wonderful to relate, it nearly reached 
its goal, for I heard the thing jump, landing at a distance away, where it seemed 
to pause. 

Having readjusted my aim, I discharged my second missile, this time most 
effectively, for with a flood of joy I listened as the creature fell in what sounded 



267 



like a complete collapse and evidently remained prone and unmoving. Almost 
overpowered by the great relief which rushed over me, I reeled back against the 
wall. The breathing continued, in heavy, gasping inhalations and expirations, 
whence I realised that I had no more than wounded the creature. And now all 
desire to examine the thing ceased. At last something allied to groundless, 
superstitious fear had entered my brain, and I did not approach the body, nor 
did I continue to cast stones at it in order to complete the extinction of its life. 
Instead, I ran at full speed in what was, as nearly as I could estimate in my 
frenzied condition, the direction from which I had come. Suddenly I heard a 
sound or rather, a regular succession of sounds. In another Instant they had 
resolved themselves into a series of sharp, metallic clicks. This time there was no 
doubt. It was the guide. And then I shouted, yelled, screamed, even shrieked 
with joy as I beheld in the vaulted arches above the faint and glimmering 
effulgence which I knew to be the reflected light of an approaching torch. I ran to 
meet the flare, and before I could completely understand what had occurred, was 
lying upon the ground at the feet of the guide, embracing his boots and 
gibbering, despite my boasted reserve, in a most meaningless and idiotic 
manner, pouring out my terrible story, and at the same time overwhelming my 
auditor with protestations of gratitude. At length, I awoke to something like my 
normal consciousness. The guide had noted my absence upon the arrival of the 
party at the entrance of the cave, and had, from his own intuitive sense of 
direction, proceeded to make a thorough canvass of by-passages just ahead of 
where he had last spoken to me, locating my whereabouts after a quest of about 
four hours. 

By the time he had related this to me, I, emboldened by his torch and his 
company, began to reflect upon the strange beast which I had wounded but a 
short distance back in the darkness, and suggested that we ascertain, by the 
flashlight's aid, what manner of creature was my victim. Accordingly I retraced 
my steps, this time with a courage born of companionship, to the scene of my 
terrible experience. Soon we descried a white object upon the floor, an object 
whiter even than the gleaming limestone itself. Cautiously advancing, we gave 
vent to a simultaneous ejaculation of wonderment, for of all the unnatural 
monsters either of us had in our lifetimes beheld, this was in surpassing degree 
the strangest. It appeared to be an anthropoid ape of large proportions, escaped, 
perhaps, from some itinerant menagerie. Its hair was snow-white, a thing due no 
doubt to the bleaching action of a long existence within the inky confines of the 
cave, but it was also surprisingly thin, being indeed largely absent save on the 
head, where it was of such length and abundance that it fell over the shoulders in 
considerable profusion. The face was turned away from us, as the creature lay 
almost directly upon it. The inclination of the limbs was very singular, 
explaining, however, the alternation in their use which I bad before noted, 
whereby the beast used sometimes all four, and on other occasions but two for its 



268 



progress. From the tips of the fingers or toes, long rat-Hke claws extended. The 
hands or feet were not prehensile, a fact that I ascribed to that long residence in 
the cave which, as I before mentioned, seemed evident from the all-pervading 
and almost unearthly whiteness so characteristic of the whole anatomy. No tail 
seemed to be present. 

The respiration had now grown very feeble, and the guide had drawn his pistol 
with the evident intent of despatching the creature, when a sudden sound 
emitted by the latter caused the weapon to fall unused. The sound was of a 
nature difficult to describe. It was not like the normal note of any known species 
of simian, and I wonder if this unnatural quality were not the result of a long 
continued and complete silence, broken by the sensations produced by the 
advent of the light, a thing which the beast could not have seen since its first 
entrance into the cave. The sound, which I might feebly attempt to classify as a 
kind of deep-tone chattering, was faintly continued. 

All at once a fleeting spasm of energy seemed to pass through the frame of the 
beast. The paws went through a convulsive motion, and the limbs contracted. 
With a jerk, the white body rolled over so that its face was turned in our 
direction. For a moment I was so struck with horror at the eyes thus revealed that 
I noted nothing else. They were black, those eyes, deep jetty black, in hideous 
contrast to the snow-white hair and flesh. Like those of other cave denizens, they 
were deeply sunken in their orbits, and were entirely destitute of iris. As I looked 
more closely, I saw that they were set in a face less prognathous than that of the 
average ape, and infinitely less hairy. The nose was quite distinct. As we gazed 
upon the uncanny sight presented to our vision, the thick lips opened, and 
several sounds issued from them, after which the thing relaxed in death. 

The guide clutched my coat sleeve and trembled so violently that the light shook 
fitfully, casting weird moving shadows on the walls. 

I made no motion, but stood rigidly still, my horrified eyes fixed upon the floor 
ahead. 

The fear left, and wonder, awe, compassion, and reverence succeeded in its 
place, for the sounds uttered by the stricken figure that lay stretched out on the 
limestone had told us the awesome truth. The creature I had killed, the strange 
beast of the unfathomed cave, was, or had at one time been a MAN!!! 



269 



The Book 

Written in 1934 

My memories are very confused. There is even much doubt as to where they 
begin; for at times I feel appaUing vistas of years stretching behind me, while at 
other times it seems as if the present moment were an isolated point in a grey, 
formless infinity. I am not even certain how I am communicating this message. 
While I know I am speaking, I have a vague impression that some strange and 
perhaps terrible mediation will be needed to bear what I say to the points where 
I wish to be heard. My identity, too, is bewilderingly cloudy. I seem to have 
suffered a great shock- perhaps from some utterly monstrous outgrowth of my 
cycles of unique, incredible experience. 

These cycles of experience, of course, all stem from that worm-riddled book. I 
remember when I found it- in a dimly lighted place near the black, oily river 
where the mists always swirl. That place was very old, and the ceiling-high 
shelves full of rotting volumes reached back endlessly through windowless inner 
rooms and alcoves. There were, besides, great formless heaps of books on the 
floor and in crude bins; and it was in one of these heaps that I found the thing. I 
never learned its title, for the early pages were missing; but it fell open toward 
the end and gave me a glimpse of something which sent my senses reeling. 

There was a formula- a sort of list of things to say and do- which I recognized as 
something black and forbidden; something which I had read of before in furtive 
paragraphs of mixed abhorrence and fascination penned by those strange ancient 
delvers into the universe's guarded secrets whose decaying texts I loved to 
absorb. It was a key- a guide- to certain gateways and transitions of which 
mystics have dreamed and whispered since the race was young, and which lead 
to freedoms and discoveries beyond the three dimensions and realms of life and 
matter that we know. Not for centuries had any man recalled its vital substance 
or known where to find it, but this book was very old indeed. No printing-press, 
but the hand of some half-crazed monk, had traced these ominous Latin phrases 
in uncials of awesome antiquity. 

I remember how the old man leered and tittered, and made a curious sign with 
his hand when I bore it away. He had refused to take pay for it, and only long 
afterwards did I guess why. As I hurried home through those narrow, winding, 
mist-cloaked waterfront streets I had a frightful impression of being stealthily 
followed by softly padding feet. The centuried, tottering houses on both sides 
seemed alive with a fresh and morbid malignity- as if some hitherto closed 
channel of evil understanding had abruptly been opened. I felt that those walls 



270 



and over-hanging gables of mildewed brick and fungoid plaster and timber- 
with eyelike, diamond-paned windows that leered- could hardly desist from 
advancing and crushing me . . . yet I had read only the least fragment of that 
blasphemous rune before closing the book and bringing it away. 

I remember how I read the book at last- white-faced, and locked in the attic room 
that I had long devoted to strange searchings. The great house was very still, for I 
had not gone up till after midnight. I think I had a family then- though the details 
are very uncertain- and I know there were many servants. Just what the year was 
I cannot say; for since then I have known many ages and dimensions, and have 
had all my notions of time dissolved and refashioned. It was by the light of 
candles that I read- I recall the relentless dripping of the wax- and there were 
chimes that came every now and then from distant belfries. I seemed to keep 
track of those chimes with a peculiar intentness, as if I feared to hear some very 
remote, intruding note among them. 

Then came the first scratching and fumbling at the dormer window that looked 
out high above the other roofs of the city. It came as I droned aloud the ninth 
verse of that primal lay, and I knew amidst my shudders what it meant. For he 
who passes the gateways always wins a shadow, and never again can he be 
alone. I had evoked- and the book was indeed all I had suspected. That night I 
passed the gateway to a vortex of twisted time and vision, and when morning 
found me in the attic room I saw in the walls and shelves and fittings that which 
I had never seen before. 

Nor could I ever after see the world as I had known it. Mixed with the present 
scene was always a little of the past and a little of the future, and every once- 
familiar object loomed alien in the new perspective brought by my widened 
sight. From then on I walked in a fantastic dream of unknown and half-known 
shapes; and with each new gateway crossed, the less plainly could I recognise the 
things of the narrow sphere to which I had so long been bound. What I saw 
about me, none else saw; and I grew doubly silent and aloof lest I be thought 
mad. Dogs had a fear of me, for they felt the outside shadow which never left my 
side. But still I read more- in hidden, forgotten books and scrolls to which my 
new vision led me- and pushed through fresh gateways of space and being and 
life-patterns toward the core of the unknown cosmos. 

I remember the night I made the five concentric circles of fire on the floor, and 
stood in the innermost one chanting that monstrous litany the messenger from 
Tartary had brought. The walls melted away, and I was swept by a black wind 
through gulfs of fathomless grey with the needle-like pinnacles of unknown 
mountains miles below me. After a while there was utter blackness, and then the 
light of myriad stars forming strange, alien constellations. Finally I saw a green- 



271 



litten plain far below me, and discerned on it the twisted towers of a city built in 
no fashion I had ever known or read or dreamed of. As I floated closer to that 
city I saw a great square building of stone in an open space, and felt a hideous 
fear clutching at me. I screamed and struggled, and after a blankness was again 
in my attic room sprawled flat over the five phosphorescent circles on the floor. 
In that night's wandering there was no more of strangeness than in many a 
former night's wandering; but there was more of terror because I knew I was 
closer to those outside gulfs and worlds than I had ever been before. Thereafter I 
was more cautious with my incantations, for I had no wish to be cut off from my 
body and from the earth in unknown abysses whence I could never return. . . 



272 



The Call of Cthulhu 



Written in 1926 

Of such great powers or beings there may be conceivably a survival. . . a survival 
of a hugely remote period when... consciousness was manifested, perhaps, in 
shapes and forms long since withdrawn before the tide of advancing humanity. . . 
forms of which poetry and legend alone have caught a flying memory and called 
them gods, monsters, mythical beings of all sorts and kinds. . . 

- Algernon Blackwood 

I. The Horror In Clay 

The most merciful thing in the world, I think, is the inability of the human mind 
to correlate all its contents. We live on a placid island of ignorance in the midst of 
black seas of infinity, and it was not meant that we should voyage far. The 
sciences, each straining in its own direction, have hitherto harmed us little; but 
some day the piecing together of dissociated knowledge will open up such 
terrifying vistas of reality, and of our frightful position therein, that we shall 
either go mad from the revelation or flee from the light into the peace and safety 
of a new dark age. 

Theosophists have guessed at the awesome grandeur of the cosmic cycle wherein 
our world and human race form transient incidents. They have hinted at strange 
survivals in terms which would freeze the blood if not masked by a bland 
optimism. But it is not from them that there came the single glimpse of forbidden 
eons which chills me when I think of it and maddens me when I dream of it. That 
glimpse, like all dread glimpses of truth, flashed out from an accidental piecing 
together of separated things - in this case an old newspaper item and the notes of 
a dead professor. I hope that no one else will accomplish this piecing out; 
certainly, if I live, I shall never knowingly supply a link in so hideous a chain. I 
think that the professor, too intented to keep silent regarding the part he knew, 
and that he would have destroyed his notes had not sudden death seized him. 

My knowledge of the thing began in the winter of 1926-27 with the death of my 
great-uncle, George Gammell Angell, Professor Emeritus of Semitic Languages in 
Brown University, Providence, Rhode Island. Professor Angell was widely 
known as an authority on ancient inscriptions, and had frequently been resorted 
to by the heads of prominent museums; so that his passing at the age of ninety- 
two may be recalled by many. Locally, interest was intensified by the obscurity 
of the cause of death. The professor had been stricken whilst returning from the 



273 



Newport boat; falling suddenly; as witnesses said, after having been jostled by a 
nautical-looking negro who had come from one of the queer dark courts on the 
precipitous hillside which formed a short cut from the waterfront to the 
deceased's home in Williams Street. Physicians were unable to find any visible 
disorder, but concluded after perplexed debate that some obscure lesion of the 
heart, induced by the brisk ascent of so steep a hill by so elderly a man, was 
responsible for the end. At the time I saw no reason to dissent from this dictum, 
but latterly I am inclined to wonder - and more than wonder. 

As my great-uncle's heir and executor, for he died a childless widower, I was 
expected to go over his papers with some thoroughness; and for that purpose 
moved his entire set of files and boxes to my quarters in Boston. Much of the 
material which I correlated will be later published by the American 
Archaeological Society, but there was one box which I found exceedingly 
puzzling, and which I felt much averse from showing to other eyes. It had been 
locked and I did not find the key till it occurred to me to examine the personal 
ring which the professor carried in his pocket. Then, indeed, I succeeded in 
opening it, but when I did so seemed only to be confronted by a greater and 
more closely locked barrier. For what could be the meaning of the queer clay bas- 
relief and the disjointed jottings, ramblings, and cuttings which I found? Had my 
uncle, in his latter years become credulous of the most superficial impostures? I 
resolved to search out the eccentric sculptor responsible for this apparent 
disturbance of an old man's peace of mind. 

The bas-relief was a rough rectangle less than an inch thick and about five by six 
inches in area; obviously of modern origin. Its designs, however, were far from 
modern in atmosphere and suggestion; for, although the vagaries of cubism and 
futurism are many and wild, they do not often reproduce that cryptic regularity 
which lurks in prehistoric writing. And writing of some kind the bulk of these 
designs seemed certainly to be; though my memory, despite much the papers 
and collections of my uncle, failed in any way to identify this particular species, 
or even hint at its remotest affiliations. 

Above these apparent hieroglyphics was a figure of evident pictorial intent, 
though its impressionistic execution forbade a very clear idea of its nature. It 
seemed to be a sort of monster, or symbol representing a monster, of a form 
which only a diseased fancy could conceive. If I say that my somewhat 
extravagant imagination yielded simultaneous pictures of an octopus, a dragon, 
and a human caricature, I shall not be unfaithful to the spirit of the thing. A 
pulpy, tentacled head surmounted a grotesque and scaly body with rudimentary 
wings; but it was the general outline of the whole which made it most shockingly 
frightful. Behind the figure was a vague suggestions of a Cyclopean architectural 
background. 



274 



The writing accompanying this oddity was, aside from a stack of press cuttings, 
in Professor Angell's most recent hand; and made no pretense to Hterary style. 
What seemed to be the main document was headed "CTHULHU CULT" in 
characters painstakingly printed to avoid the erroneous reading of a word so 
unheard-of. This manuscript was divided into two sections, the first of which 
was headed "1925 - Dream and Dream Work of H.A. Wilcox, 7 Thomas St., 
Providence, R. I.", and the second, "Narrative of Inspector John R. Legrasse, 121 
Bienville St., New Orleans, La., at 1908 A. A. S. Mtg. - Notes on Same, & Prof. 
Webb's Acct." The other manuscript papers were brief notes, some of them 
accounts of the queer dreams of different persons, some of them citations from 
theosophical books and magazines (notably W. Scott-Elliot's Atlantis and the 
Lost Lemuria), and the rest comments on long-surviving secret societies and 
hidden cults, with references to passages in such mythological and 
anthropological source-books as Frazer's Golden Bough and Miss Murray's 
Witch-Cult in Western Europe. The cuttings largely alluded to outre mental 
illness and outbreaks of group folly or mania in the spring of 1925. 

The first half of the principal manuscript told a very particular tale. It appears 
that on March 1st, 1925, a thin, dark young man of neurotic and excited aspect 
had called upon Professor Angell bearing the singular clay bas-relief, which was 
then exceedingly damp and fresh. His card bore the name of Henry Anthony 
Wilcox, and my uncle had recognized him as the youngest son of an excellent 
family slightly known to him, who had latterly been studying sculpture at the 
Rhode Island School of Design and living alone at the Fleur-de-Lys Building near 
that institution. Wilcox was a precocious youth of known genius but great 
eccentricity, and had from chidhood excited attention through the strange stories 
and odd dreams he was in the habit of relating. He called himself "psychically 
hypersensitive", but the staid folk of the ancient commercial city dismissed him 
as merely "queer." Never mingling much with his kind, he had dropped 
gradually from social visibility, and was now known only to a small group of 
esthetes from other towns. Even the Providence Art Club, anxious to preserve its 
conservatism, had found him quite hopeless. 

On the ocassion of the visit, ran the professor's manuscript, the sculptor abruptly 
asked for the benefit of his host's archeological knowledge in identifying the 
hieroglyphics of the bas-relief. He spoke in a dreamy, stilted manner which 
suggested pose and alienated sympathy; and my uncle showed some sharpness 
in replying, for the conspicuous freshness of the tablet implied kinship with 
anything but archeology. Young Wilcox's rejoinder, which impressed my uncle 
enough to make him recall and record it verbatim, was of a fantastically poetic 
cast which must have typified his whole conversation, and which I have since 
found highly characteristic of him. He said, "It is new, indeed, for I made it last 



275 



night in a dream of strange cities; and dreams are older than brooding Tyre, or 
the contemplative Sphinx, or garden-girdled Babylon." 

It was then that he began that rambling tale which suddenly played upon a 
sleeping memory and won the fevered interest of my uncle. There had been a 
slight earthquake tremor the night before, the most considerable felt in New 
England for some years; and Wilcox's imagination had been keenly affected. 
Upon retiring, he had had an unprecedented dream of great Cyclopean cities of 
Titan blocks and sky-flung monoliths, all dripping with green ooze and sinister 
with latent horror. Hieroglyphics had covered the walls and pillars, and from 
some undetermined point below had come a voice that was not a voice; a chaotic 
sensation which only fancy could transmute into sound, but which he attempted 
to render by the almost unpronounceable jumble of letters: "Cthulhu fhtagn." 

This verbal jumble was the key to the recollection which excited and disturbed 
Professor Angell. He questioned the sculptor with scientific minuteness; and 
studied with frantic intensity the bas-relief on which the youth had found 
himself working, chilled and clad only in his night clothes, when waking had 
stolen bewilderingly over him. My uncle blamed his old age, Wilcox afterwards 
said, for his slowness in recognizing both hieroglyphics and pictorial design. 
Many of his questions seemed highly out of place to his visitor, especially those 
which tried to connect the latter with strange cults or societies; and Wilcox could 
not understand the repeated promises of silence which he was offered in 
exchange for an admission of membership in some widespread mystical or 
paganly religious body. When Professor Angell became convinced that the 
sculptor was indeed ignorant of any cult or system of cryptic lore, he besieged 
his visitor with demands for future reports of dreams. This bore regular fruit, for 
after the first interview the manuscript records daily calls of the young man, 
during which he related startling fragments of nocturnal imaginery whose 
burden was always some terrible Cyclopean vista of dark and dripping stone, 
with a subterrene voice or intelligence shouting monotonously in enigmatical 
sense-impacts uninscribable save as gibberish. The two sounds frequently 
repeated are those rendered by the letters "Cthulhu" and "R'lyeh." 

On March 23, the manuscript continued, Wilcox failed to appear; and inquiries at 
his quarters revealed that he had been stricken with an obscure sort of fever and 
taken to the home of his family in Waterman Street. He had cried out in the 
night, arousing several other artists in the building, and had manifested since 
then only alternations of unconsciousness and delirium. My uncle at once 
telephoned the family, and from that time forward kept close watch of the case; 
calling often at the Thayer Street office of Dr. Tobey, whom he learned to be in 
charge. The youth's febrile mind, apparently, was dwelling on strange things; 
and the doctor shuddered now and then as he spoke of them. They included not 



276 



only a repetition of what he had formerly dreamed, but touched wildly on a 
gigantic thing "miles high" which walked or lumbered about. 

He at no time fully described this object but occasional frantic words, as repeated 
by Dr. Tobey, convinced the professor that it must be identical with the nameless 
monstrosity he had sought to depict in his dream-sculpture. Reference to this 
object, the doctor added, was invariably a prelude to the young man's 
subsidence into lethargy. His temperature, oddly enough, was not greatly above 
normal; but the whole condition was otherwise such as to suggest true fever 
rather than mental disorder. 

On April 2 at about 3 P.M. every trace of Wilcox's malady suddenly ceased. He 
sat upright in bed, astonished to find himself at home and completely ignorant of 
what had happened in dream or reality since the night of March 22. Pronounced 
well by his physician, he returned to his quarters in three days; but to Professor 
Angell he was of no further assistance. All traces of strange dreaming had 
vanished with his recovery, and my uncle kept no record of his night-thoughts 
after a week of pointless and irrelevant accounts of thoroughly usual visions. 

Here the first part of the manuscript ended, but references to certain of the 
scattered notes gave me much material for thought - so much, in fact, that only 
the ingrained skepticism then forming my philosophy can account for my 
continued distrust of the artist. The notes in question were those descriptive of 
the dreams of various persons covering the same period as that in which young 
Wilcox had had his strange visitations. My uncle, it seems, had quickly instituted 
a prodigiously far-flung body of inquires amongst nearly all the friends whom 
he could question without impertinence, asking for nightly reports of their 
dreams, and the dates of any notable visions for some time past. The reception of 
his request seems to have varied; but he must, at the very least, have received 
more responses than any ordinary man could have handled without a secretary. 
This original correspondence was not preserved, but his notes formed a 
thorough and really significant digest. Average people in society and business - 
New England's traditional "salt of the earth" - gave an almost completely 
negative result, though scattered cases of uneasy but formless nocturnal 
impressions appear here and there, always between March 23 and and April 2 - 
the period of young Wilcox's delirium. Scientific men were little more affected, 
though four cases of vague description suggest fugitive glimpses of strange 
landscapes, and in one case there is mentioned a dread of something abnormal. 

It was from the artists and poets that the pertinent answers came, and I know 
that panic would have broken loose had they been able to compare notes. As it 
was, lacking their original letters, I half suspected the compiler of having asked 
leading questions, or of having edited the correspondence in corroboration of 



277 



what he had latently resolved to see. That is why I continued to feel that Wilcox, 
somehow cognizant of the old data which my uncle had possessed, had been 
imposing on the veteran scientist. These responses from esthetes told disturbing 
tale. From February 28 to April 2 a large proportion of them had dreamed very 
bizarre things, the intensity of the dreams being immeasurably the stronger 
during the period of the sculptor's delirium. Over a fourth of those who reported 
anything, reported scenes and half-sounds not unlike those which Wilcox had 
described; and some of the dreamers confessed acute fear of the gigantic 
nameless thing visible toward the last. One case, which the note describes with 
emphasis, was very sad. The subject, a widely known architect with leanings 
toward theosophy and occultism, went violently insane on the date of young 
Wilcox's seizure, and expired several months later after incessant screamings to 
be saved from some escaped denizen of hell. Had my uncle referred to these 
cases by name instead of merely by number, I should have attempted some 
corroboration and personal investigation; but as it was, I succeeded in tracing 
down only a few. All of these, however, bore out the notes in full. I have often 
wondered if all the the objects of the professor's questioning felt as puzzled as 
did this fraction. It is well that no explanation shall ever reach them. 

The press cuttings, as I have intimated, touched on cases of panic, mania, and 
eccentricity during the given period. Professor Angell must have employed a 
cutting bureau, for the number of extracts was tremendous, and the sources 
scattered throughout the globe. Here was a nocturnal suicide in London, where a 
lone sleeper had leaped from a window after a shocking cry. Here likewise a 
rambling letter to the editor of a paper in South America, where a fanatic 
deduces a dire future from visions he has seen. A dispatch from California 
describes a theosophist colony as donning white robes en masse for some 
"glorious fulfiment" which never arrives, whilst items from India speak 
guardedly of serious native unrest toward the end of March 22-23. 

The west of Ireland, too, is full of wild rumour and legendry, and a fantastic 
painter named Ardois-Bonnot hangs a blasphemous Dream Landscape in the 
Paris spring salon of 1926. And so numerous are the recorded troubles in insane 
asylums that only a miracle can have stopped the medical fraternity from noting 
strange parallelisms and drawing mystified conclusions. A weird bunch of 
cuttings, all told; and I can at this date scarcely envisage the callous rationalism 
with which I set them aside. But I was then convinced that young Wilcox had 
known of the older matters mentioned by the professor. 

II. The Tale of Inspector Legrasse. 

The older matters which had made the sculptor's dream and bas-relief so 
significant to my uncle formed the subject of the second half of his long 



278 



manuscript. Once before, it appears. Professor Angell had seen the helHsh 
outhnes of the nameless monstrosity, puzzled over the unknown hieroglyphics, 
and heard the ominous syllables which can be rendered only as "Cthulhu"; and 
all this in so stirring and horrible a connexion that it is small wonder he pursued 
young Wilcox with queries and demands for data. 

This earlier experience had come in 1908, seventeen years before, when the 
American Archaeological Society held its annual meeting in St. Louis. Professor 
Angell, as befitted one of his authority and attainments, had had a prominent 
part in all the deliberations; and was one of the first to be approached by the 
several outsiders who took advantage of the convocation to offer questions for 
correct answering and problems for expert solution. 

The chief of these outsiders, and in a short time the focus of interest for the entire 
meeting, was a commonplace-looking middle-aged man who had travelled all 
the way from New Orleans for certain special information unobtainable from any 
local source. His name was John Raymond Legrasse, and he was by profession 
an Inspector of Police. With him he bore the subject of his visit, a grotesque, 
repulsive, and apparently very ancient stone statuette whose origin he was at a 
loss to determine. It must not be fancied that Inspector Legrasse had the least 
interest in archaeology. On the contrary, his wish for enlightenment was 
prompted by purely professional considerations. The statuette, idol, fetish, or 
whatever it was, had been captured some months before in the wooded swamps 
south of New Orleans during a raid on a supposed voodoo meeting; and so 
singular and hideous were the rites connected with it, that the police could not 
but realise that they had stumbled on a dark cult totally unknown to them, and 
infinitely more diabolic than even the blackest of the African voodoo circles. Of 
its origin, apart from the erratic and unbelievable tales extorted from the 
captured members, absolutely nothing was to be discovered; hence the anxiety of 
the police for any antiquarian lore which might help them to place the frightful 
symbol, and through it track down the cult to its fountain-head. 

Inspector Legrasse was scarcely prepared for the sensation which his offering 
created. One sight of the thing had been enough to throw the assembled men of 
science into a state of tense excitement, and they lost no time in crowding around 
him to gaze at the diminutive figure whose utter strangeness and air of 
genuinely abysmal antiquity hinted so potently at unopened and archaic vistas. 
No recognised school of sculpture had animated this terrible object, yet centuries 
and even thousands of years seemed recorded in its dim and greenish surface of 
unplaceable stone. 

The figure, which was finally passed slowly from man to man for close and 
careful study, was between seven and eight inches in height, and of exquisitely 



279 



artistic workmanship. It represented a monster of vaguely anthropoid outHne, 
but with an octopus-Hke head whose face was a mass of feelers, a scaly, rubbery- 
looking body, prodigious claws on hind and fore feet, and long, narrow wings 
behind. This thing, which seemed instinct with a fearsome and unnatural 
malignancy, was of a somewhat bloated corpulence, and squatted evilly on a 
rectangular block or pedestal covered with undecipherable characters. The tips of 
the wings touched the back edge of the block, the seat occupied the centre, whilst 
the long, curved claws of the doubled-up, crouching hind legs gripped the front 
edge and extended a quarter of the way clown toward the bottom of the 
pedestal. The cephalopod head was bent forward, so that the ends of the facial 
feelers brushed the backs of huge fore paws which clasped the croucher's 
elevated knees. The aspect of the whole was abnormally life-like, and the more 
subtly fearful because its source was so totally unknown. Its vast, awesome, and 
incalculable age was unmistakable; yet not one link did it shew with any known 
type of art belonging to civilisation's youth - or indeed to any other time. Totally 
separate and apart, its very material was a mystery; for the soapy, greenish-black 
stone with its golden or iridescent flecks and striations resembled nothing 
familiar to geology or mineralogy. The characters along the base were equally 
baffling; and no member present, despite a representation of half the world's 
expert learning in this field, could form the least notion of even their remotest 
linguistic kinship. They, like the subject and material, belonged to something 
horribly remote and distinct from mankind as we know it. something frightfully 
suggestive of old and unhallowed cycles of life in which our world and our 
conceptions have no part. 

And yet, as the members severally shook their heads and confessed defeat at the 
Inspector's problem, there was one man in that gathering who suspected a touch 
of bizarre familiarity in the monstrous shape and writing, and who presently 
told with some diffidence of the odd trifle he knew. This person was the late 
William Channing Webb, Professor of Anthropology in Princeton University, 
and an explorer of no slight note. Professor Webb had been engaged, forty-eight 
years before, in a tour of Greenland and Iceland in search of some Runic 
inscriptions which he failed to unearth; and whilst high up on the West 
Greenland coast had encountered a singular tribe or cult of degenerate 
Esquimaux whose religion, a curious form of devil-worship, chilled him with its 
deliberate bloodthirstiness and repulsiveness. It was a faith of which other 
Esquimaux knew little, and which they mentioned only with shudders, saying 
that it had come down from horribly ancient aeons before ever the world was 
made. Besides nameless rites and human sacrifices there were certain queer 
hereditary rituals addressed to a supreme elder devil or tornasuk; and of this 
Professor Webb had taken a careful phonetic copy from an aged angekok or 
wizard-priest, expressing the sounds in Roman letters as best he knew how. But 
just now of prime significance was the fetish which this cult had cherished, and 



280 



around which they danced when the aurora leaped high over the ice chffs. It 
was, the professor stated, a very crude bas-rehef of stone, comprising a hideous 
picture and some cryptic writing. And so far as he could tell, it was a rough 
parallel in all essential features of the bestial thing now lying before the meeting. 

This data, received with suspense and astonishment by the assembled members, 
proved doubly exciting to Inspector Legrasse; and he began at once to ply his 
informant with questions. Having noted and copied an oral ritual among the 
swamp cult-worshippers his men had arrested, he besought the professor to 
remember as best he might the syllables taken down amongst the diabolist 
Esquimaux. There then followed an exhaustive comparison of details, and a 
moment of really awed silence when both detective and scientist agreed on the 
virtual identity of the phrase common to two hellish rituals so many worlds of 
distance apart. What, in substance, both the Esquimaux wizards and the 
Louisiana swamp-priests had chanted to their kindred idols was something very 
like this: the word-divisions being guessed at from traditional breaks in the 
phrase as chanted aloud: 

"Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn." 

Legrasse had one point in advance of Professor Webb, for several among his 
mongrel prisoners had repeated to him what older celebrants had told them the 
words meant. This text, as given, ran something like this: 

"In his house at R'lyeh dead Cthulhu waits dreaming." 

And now, in response to a general and urgent demand. Inspector Legrasse 
related as fully as possible his experience with the swamp worshippers; telling a 
story to which I could see my uncle attached profound significance. It savoured 
of the wildest dreams of myth-maker and theosophist, and disclosed an 
astonishing degree of cosmic imagination among such half-castes and pariahs as 
might be least expected to possess it. 

On November 1st, 1907, there had come to the New Orleans police a frantic 
summons from the swamp and lagoon country to the south. The squatters there, 
mostly primitive but good-natured descendants of Lafitte's men, were in the grip 
of stark terror from an unknown thing which had stolen upon them in the night. 
It was voodoo, apparently, but voodoo of a more terrible sort than they had ever 
known; and some of their women and children had disappeared since the 
malevolent tom-tom had begun its incessant beating far within the black haunted 
woods where no dweller ventured. There were insane shouts and harrowing 
screams, soul-chilling chants and dancing devil-flames; and, the frightened 
messenger added, the people could stand it no more. 



281 



So a body of twenty police, filling two carriages and an automobile, had set out 
in the late afternoon with the shivering squatter as a guide. At the end of the 
passable road they alighted, and for miles splashed on in silence through the 
terrible cypress woods where day never came. Ugly roots and malignant 
hanging nooses of Spanish moss beset them, and now and then a pile of dank 
stones or fragment of a rotting wall intensified by its hint of morbid habitation a 
depression which every malformed tree and every fungous islet combined to 
create. At length the squatter settlement, a miserable huddle of huts, hove in 
sight; and hysterical dwellers ran out to cluster around the group of bobbing 
lanterns. The muffled beat of tom-toms was now faintly audible far, far ahead; 
and a curdling shriek came at infrequent intervals when the wind shifted. A 
reddish glare, too, seemed to filter through pale undergrowth beyond the endless 
avenues of forest night. Reluctant even to be left alone again, each one of the 
cowed squatters refused point-blank to advance another inch toward the scene of 
unholy worship, so Inspector Legrasse and his nineteen colleagues plunged on 
unguided into black arcades of horror that none of them had ever trod before. 

The region now entered by the police was one of traditionally evil repute, 
substantially unknown and untraversed by white men. There were legends of a 
hidden lake unglimpsed by mortal sight, in which dwelt a huge, formless white 
polypous thing with luminous eyes; and squatters whispered that bat-winged 
devils flew up out of caverns in inner earth to worship it at midnight. They said 
it had been there before d'Iberville, before La Salle, before the Indians, and before 
even the wholesome beasts and birds of the woods. It was nightmare itself, and 
to see it was to die. But it made men dream, and so they knew enough to keep 
away. The present voodoo orgy was, indeed, on the merest fringe of this 
abhorred area, but that location was bad enough; hence perhaps the very place of 
the worship had terrified the squatters more than the shocking sounds and 
incidents. 

Only poetry or madness could do justice to the noises heard by Legrasse's men 
as they ploughed on through the black morass toward the red glare and muffled 
tom-toms. There are vocal qualities peculiar to men, and vocal qualities peculiar 
to beasts; and it is terrible to hear the one when the source should yield the other. 
Animal fury and orgiastic license here whipped themselves to daemoniac heights 
by howls and squawking ecstacies that tore and reverberated through those 
nighted woods like pestilential tempests from the gulfs of hell. Now and then the 
less organized ululation would cease, and from what seemed a well-drilled 
chorus of hoarse voices would rise in sing-song chant that hideous phrase or 
ritual: 

"Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn." 



282 



Then the men, having reached a spot where the trees were thinner, came 
suddenly in sight of the spectacle itself. Four of them reeled, one fainted, and two 
were shaken into a frantic cry which the mad cacophony of the orgy fortunately 
deadened. Legrasse dashed swamp water on the face of the fainting man, and all 
stood trembling and nearly hypnotised with horror. 

In a natural glade of the swamp stood a grassy island of perhaps an acre's extent, 
clear of trees and tolerably dry. On this now leaped and twisted a more 
indescribable horde of human abnormality than any but a Sime or an Angarola 
could paint. Void of clothing, this hybrid spawn were braying, bellowing, and 
writhing about a monstrous ring-shaped bonfire; in the centre of which, revealed 
by occasional rifts in the curtain of flame, stood a great granite monolith some 
eight feet in height; on top of which, incongruous in its diminutiveness, rested 
the noxious carven statuette. From a wide circle of ten scaffolds set up at regular 
intervals with the flame-girt monolith as a centre hung, head downward, the 
oddly marred bodies of the helpless squatters who had disappeared. It was 
inside this circle that the ring of worshippers jumped and roared, the general 
direction of the mass motion being from left to right in endless Bacchanal 
between the ring of bodies and the ring of fire. 

It may have been only imagination and it may have been only echoes which 
induced one of the men, an excitable Spaniard, to fancy he heard antiphonal 
responses to the ritual from some far and unillumined spot deeper within the 
wood of ancient legendry and horror. This man, Joseph D. Galvez, I later met 
and questioned; and he proved distractingly imaginative. He indeed went so far 
as to hint of the faint beating of great wings, and of a glimpse of shining eyes and 
a mountainous white bulk beyond the remotest trees but I suppose he had been 
hearing too much native superstition. 

Actually, the horrified pause of the men was of comparatively brief duration. 
Duty came first; and although there must have been nearly a hundred mongrel 
celebrants in the throng, the police relied on their firearms and plunged 
determinedly into the nauseous rout. For five minutes the resultant din and 
chaos were beyond description. Wild blows were struck, shots were fired, and 
escapes were made; but in the end Legrasse was able to count some forty-seven 
sullen prisoners, whom he forced to dress in haste and fall into line between two 
rows of policemen. Five of the worshippers lay dead, and two severely wounded 
ones were carried away on improvised stretchers by their fellow-prisoners. The 
image on the monolith, of course, was carefully removed and carried back by 
Legrasse. 

Examined at headquarters after a trip of intense strain and weariness, the 
prisoners all proved to be men of a very low, mixed-blooded, and mentally 



283 



aberrant type. Most were seamen, and a sprinkling of Negroes and mulattoes, 
largely West Indians or Brava Portuguese from the Cape Verde Islands, gave a 
colouring of voodooism to the heterogeneous cult. But before many questions 
were asked, it became manifest that something far deeper and older than Negro 
fetishism was involved. Degraded and ignorant as they were, the creatures held 
with surprising consistency to the central idea of their loathsome faith. 

They worshipped, so they said, the Great Old Ones who lived ages before there 
were any men, and who came to the young world out of the sky. Those Old Ones 
were gone now, inside the earth and under the sea; but their dead bodies had 
told their secrets in dreams to the first men, who formed a cult which had never 
died. This was that cult, and the prisoners said it had always existed and always 
would exist, hidden in distant wastes and dark places all over the world until the 
time when the great priest Cthulhu, from his dark house in the mighty city of 
R'lyeh under the waters, should rise and bring the earth again beneath his sway. 
Some day he would call, when the stars were ready, and the secret cult would 
always be waiting to liberate him. 

Meanwhile no more must be told. There was a secret which even torture could 
not extract. Mankind was not absolutely alone among the conscious things of 
earth, for shapes came out of the dark to visit the faithful few. But these were not 
the Great Old Ones. No man had ever seen the Old Ones. The carven idol was 
great Cthulhu, but none might say whether or not the others were precisely like 
him. No one could read the old writing now, but things were told by word of 
mouth. The chanted ritual was not the secret - that was never spoken aloud, only 
whispered. The chant meant only this: "In his house at R'lyeh dead Cthulhu 
waits dreaming." 

Only two of the prisoners were found sane enough to be hanged, and the rest 
were committed to various institutions. All denied a part in the ritual murders, 
and averred that the killing had been done by Black Winged Ones which had 
come to them from their immemorial meeting-place in the haunted wood. But of 
those mysterious allies no coherent account could ever be gained. What the 
police did extract, came mainly from the immensely aged mestizo named Castro, 
who claimed to have sailed to strange ports and talked with undying leaders of 
the cult in the mountains of China. 

Old Castro remembered bits of hideous legend that paled the speculations of 
theosophists and made man and the world seem recent and transient indeed. 
There had been aeons when other Things ruled on the earth, and They had had 
great cities. Remains of Them, he said the deathless Chinamen had told him, 
were still be found as Cyclopean stones on islands in the Pacific. They all died 
vast epochs of time before men came, but there were arts which could revive 



284 



Them when the stars had come round again to the right positions in the cycle of 
eternity. They had, indeed, come themselves from the stars, and brought Their 
images with Them. 

These Great Old Ones, Castro continued, were not composed altogether of flesh 
and blood. They had shape - for did not this star-fashioned image prove it? - but 
that shape was not made of matter. When the stars were right. They could 
plunge from world to world through the sky; but when the stars were wrong. 
They could not live. But although They no longer lived. They would never really 
die. They all lay in stone houses in Their great city of R'lyeh, preserved by the 
spells of mighty Cthulhu for a glorious surrection when the stars and the earth 
might once more be ready for Them. But at that time some force from outside 
must serve to liberate Their bodies. The spells that preserved them intact 
likewise prevented Them from making an initial move, and They could only lie 
awake in the dark and think whilst uncounted millions of years rolled by. They 
knew all that was occurring in the universe, for Their mode of speech was 
transmitted thought. Even now They talked in Their tombs. When, after infinities 
of chaos, the first men came, the Great Old Ones spoke to the sensitive among 
them by moulding their dreams; for only thus could Their language reach the 
fleshly minds of mammals. 

Then, whispered Castro, those first men formed the cult around tall idols which 
the Great Ones shewed them; idols brought in dim eras from dark stars. That cult 
would never die till the stars came right again, and the secret priests would take 
great Cthulhu from His tomb to revive His subjects and resume His rule of earth. 
The time would be easy to know, for then mankind would have become as the 
Great Old Ones; free and wild and beyond good and evil, with laws and morals 
thrown aside and all men shouting and killing and revelling in joy. Then the 
liberated Old Ones would teach them new ways to shout and kill and revel and 
enjoy themselves, and all the earth would flame with a holocaust of ecstasy and 
freedom. Meanwhile the cult, by appropriate rites, must keep alive the memory 
of those ancient ways and shadow forth the prophecy of their return. 

In the elder time chosen men had talked with the entombed Old Ones in dreams, 
but then something happened. The great stone city R'lyeh, with its monoliths 
and sepulchres, had sunk beneath the waves; and the deep waters, full of the one 
primal mystery through which not even thought can pass, had cut off the 
spectral intercourse. But memory never died, and the high-priests said that the 
city would rise again when the stars were right. Then came out of the earth the 
black spirits of earth, mouldy and shadowy, and full of dim rumours picked up 
in caverns beneath forgotten sea-bottoms. But of them old Castro dared not 
speak much. He cut himself off hurriedly, and no amount of persuasion or 
subtlety could elicit more in this direction. The size of the Old Ones, too, he 



285 



curiously declined to mention. Of the cult, he said that he thought the centre lay 
amid the pathless desert of Arabia, where Irem, the City of Pillars, dreams 
hidden and untouched. It was not allied to the European witch-cult, and was 
virtually unknown beyond its members. No book had ever really hinted of it, 
though the deathless Chinamen said that there were double meanings in the 
Necronomicon of the mad Arab Abdul Alhazred which the initiated might read 
as they chose, especially the much-discussed couplet: 

That is not dead which can eternal lie. 

And with strange aeons even death may die. 

Legrasse, deeply impressed and not a little bewildered, had inquired in vain 
concerning the historic affiliations of the cult. Castro, apparently, had told the 
truth when he said that it was wholly secret. The authorities at Tulane University 
could shed no light upon either cult or image, and now the detective had come to 
the highest authorities in the country and met with no more than the Greenland 
tale of Professor Webb. 

The feverish interest aroused at the meeting by Legrasse's tale, corroborated as it 
was by the statuette, is echoed in the subsequent correspondence of those who 
attended; although scant mention occurs in the formal publications of the society. 
Caution is the first care of those accustomed to face occasional charlatanry and 
imposture. Legrasse for some time lent the image to Professor Webb, but at the 
latter's death it was returned to him and remains in his possession, where I 
viewed it not long ago. It is truly a terrible thing, and unmistakably akin to the 
dream-sculpture of young Wilcox. 

That my uncle was excited by the tale of the sculptor I did not wonder, for what 
thoughts must arise upon hearing, after a knowledge of what Legrasse had 
learned of the cult, of a sensitive young man who had dreamed not only the 
figure and exact hieroglyphics of the swamp-found image and the Greenland 
devil tablet, but had come in his dreams upon at least three of the precise words 
of the formula uttered alike by Esquimaux diabolists and mongrel Louisianans?. 
Professor Angell's instant start on an investigation of the utmost thoroughness 
was eminently natural; though privately I suspected young Wilcox of having 
heard of the cult in some indirect way, and of having invented a series of dreams 
to heighten and continue the mystery at my uncle's expense. The dream- 
narratives and cuttings collected by the professor were, of course, strong 
corroboration; but the rationalism of my mind and the extravagance of the whole 
subject led me to adopt what I thought the most sensible conclusions. So, after 
thoroughly studying the manuscript again and correlating the theosophical and 
anthropological notes with the cult narrative of Legrasse, I made a trip to 



286 



Providence to see the sculptor and give him the rebuke I thought proper for so 
boldly imposing upon a learned and aged man. 

Wilcox still lived alone in the Fleur-de-Lys Building in Thomas Street, a hideous 
Victorian imitation of seventeenth century Breton Architecture which flaunts its 
stuccoed front amidst the lovely olonial houses on the ancient hill, and under the 
very shadow of the finest Georgian steeple in America, I found him at work in 
his rooms, and at once conceded from the specimens scattered about that his 
genius is indeed profound and authentic. He will, I believe, some time be heard 
from as one of the great decadents; for he has crystallised in clay and will one 
day mirror in marble those nightmares and phantasies which Arthur Machen 
evokes in prose, and Clark Ashton Smith makes visible in verse and in painting. 

Dark, frail, and somewhat unkempt in aspect, he turned languidly at my knock 
and asked me my business without rising. Then I told him who I was, he 
displayed some interest; for my uncle had excited his curiosity in probing his 
strange dreams, yet had never explained the reason for the study. I did not 
enlarge his knowledge in this regard, but sought with some subtlety to draw him 
out. In a short time I became convinced ofhis absolute sincerity, for he spoke of 
the dreams in a manner none could mistake. They and their subconscious 
residuum had influenced his art profoundly, and he shewed me a morbid statue 
whose contours almost made me shake with the potency of its black suggestion. 
He could not recall having seen the original of this thing except in his own dream 
bas-relief, but the outlines had formed themselves insensibly under his hands. It 
was, no doubt, the giant shape he had raved of in delirium. That he really knew 
nothing of the hidden cult, save from what my uncle's relentless catechism had 
let fall, he soon made clear; and again I strove to think of some way in which he 
could possibly have received the weird impressions. 

He talked of his dreams in a strangely poetic fashion; making me see with 
terrible vividness the damp Cyclopean city of slimy green stone - whose 
geometry, he oddly said, was all wrong - and hear with frightened expectancy 
the ceaseless, half-mental calling from underground: "Cthulhu fhtagn", 
"Cthulhu fhtagn." 

These words had formed part of that dread ritual which told of dead Cthulhu's 
dream-vigil in his stone vault at R'lyeh, and I felt deeply moved despite my 
rational beliefs. Wilcox, I was sure, had heard of the cult in some casual way, and 
had soon forgotten it amidst the mass of his equally weird reading and 
imagining. Later, by virtue of its sheer impressiveness, it had found subconscious 
expression in dreams, in the bas-relief, and in the terrible statue I now beheld; so 
that his imposture upon my uncle had been a very innocent one. The youth was 
of a type, at once slightly affected and slightly ill-mannered, which I could never 



287 



like, but I was willing enough now to admit both his genius and his honesty. I 
took leave of him amicably, and wish him all the success his talent promises. 

The matter of the cult still remained to fascinate me, and at times I had visions of 
personal fame from researches into its origin and connexions. I visited New 
Orleans, talked with Legrasse and others of that old-time raiding-party, saw the 
frightful image, and even questioned such of the mongrel prisoners as still 
survived. Old Castro, unfortunately, had been dead for some years. What I now 
heard so graphically at first-hand, though it was really no more than a detailed 
confirmation of what my uncle had written, excited me afresh; for I felt sure that 
I was on the track of a very real, very secret, and very ancient religion whose 
discovery would make me an anthropologist of note. My attitude was still one of 
absolute materialism, as 1 wish it still were, and I discounted with almost 
inexplicable perversity the coincidence of the dream notes and odd cuttings 
collected by Professor Angell. 

One thing I began to suspect, and which I now fear I know, is that my uncle's 
death was far from natural. He fell on a narrow hill street leading up from an 
ancient waterfront swarming with foreign mongrels, after a careless push from a 
Negro sailor. I did not forget the mixed blood and marine pursuits of the cult- 
members in Louisiana, and would not be surprised to learn of secret methods 
and rites and beliefs. Legrasse and his men, it is true, have been let alone; but in 
Norway a certain seaman who saw things is dead. Might not the deeper inquiries 
of my uncle after encountering the sculptor's data have come to sinister ears?. I 
think Professor Angell died because he knew too much, or because he was likely 
to learn too much. Whether I shall go as he did remains to be seen, for I have 
learned much now. 

III. The Madness from the Sea 

If heaven ever wishes to grant me a boon, it will be a total effacing of the results 
of a mere chance which fixed my eye on a certain stray piece of shelf-paper. It 
was nothing on which I would naturally have stumbled in the course of my daily 
round, for it was an old number of an Australian journal, the Sydney Bulletin for 
April 18, 1925. It had escaped even the cutting bureau which had at the time of 
its issuance been avidly collecting material for my uncle's research. 

I had largely given over my inquiries into what Professor Angell called the 
"Cthulhu Cult", and was visiting a learned friend in Pater son. New Jersey; the 
curator of a local museum and a mineralogist of note. Examining one day the 
reserve specimens roughly set on the storage shelves in a rear room of the 
museum, my eye was caught by an odd picture in one of the old papers spread 
beneath the stones. It was the Sydney Bulletin I have mentioned, for my friend 



288 



had wide affiliations in all conceivable foreign parts; and the picture was a half- 
tone cut of a hideous stone image almost identical with that which Legrasse had 
found in the swamp. 

Eagerly clearing the sheet of its precious contents, I scanned the item in detail; 
and was disappointed to find it of only moderate length. What it suggested, 
however, was of portentous significance to my flagging quest; and I carefully 
tore it out for immediate action. It read as follows: 

MYSTERY DERELICT FOUND AT SEA 

Vigilant Arrives With Helpless Armed New Zealand Yacht in Tow. One Survivor 
and Dead Man Found Aboard. Tale of Desperate Battle and Deaths at Sea. 
Rescued Seaman Refuses Particulars of Strange Experience. Odd Idol Found in 
His Possession. Inquiry to Follow. 

The Morrison Co.'s freighter Vigilant, bound from Valparaiso, arrived this 
morning at its wharf in Darling Harbour, having in tow the battled and disabled 
but heavily armed steam yacht Alert of Dunedin, N.Z., which was sighted April 
12th in S. Latitude 34°21', W. Longitude 152°17', with one living and one dead 
man aboard. 

The Vigilant left Valparaiso March 25th, and on April 2nd was driven 
considerably south of her course by exceptionally heavy storms and monster 
waves. On April 12th the derelict was sighted; and though apparently deserted, 
was found upon boarding to contain one survivor in a half-delirious condition 
and one man who had evidently been dead for more than a week. The living 
man was clutching a horrible stone idol of unknown origin, about foot in height, 
regarding whose nature authorities at Sydney University, the Royal Society, and 
the Museum in College Street all profess complete bafflement, and which the 
survivor says he found in the cabin of the yacht, in a small carved shrine of 
common pattern. 

This man, after recovering his senses, told an exceedingly strange story of piracy 
and slaughter. He is Gustaf Johansen, a Norwegian of some intelligence, and had 
been second mate of the two-masted schooner Emma of Auckland, which sailed 
for Callao February 20th with a complement of eleven men. The Emma, he says, 
was delayed and thrown widely south of her course by the great storm of March 
1st, and on March 22nd, in S. Latitude 49°51' W. Longitude 128°34', encountered 
the Alert, manned by a queer and evil-looking crew of Kanakas and half-castes. 
Being ordered peremptorily to turn back, Capt. Collins refused; whereupon the 
strange crew began to fire savagely and without warning upon the schooner 
with a peculiarly heavy battery of brass cannon forming part of the yacht's 



289 



equipment. The Emma's men shewed fight, says the survivor, and though the 
schooner began to sink from shots beneath the water-hne they managed to heave 
alongside their enemy and board her, grappHng with the savage crew on the 
yacht's deck, and being forced to kill them all, the number being slightly 
superior, because of their particularly abhorrent and desperate though rather 
clumsy mode of fighting. 

Three of the Emma's men, including Capt. Collins and First Mate Green, were 
killed; and the remaining eight under Second Mate Johansen proceeded to 
navigate the captured yacht, going ahead in their original direction to see if any 
reason for their ordering back had existed. The next day, it appears, they raised 
and landed on a small island, although none is known to exist in that part of the 
ocean; and six of the men somehow died ashore, though Johansen is queerly 
reticent about this part of his story, and speaks only of their falling into a rock 
chasm. Later, it seems, he and one companion boarded the yacht and tried to 
manage her, but were beaten about by the storm of April 2nd, From that time till 
his rescue on the 12th the man remembers little, and he does not even recall 
when William Briden, his companion, died. Briden's death reveals no apparent 
cause, and was probably due to excitement or exposure. Cable advices from 
Dunedin report that the Alert was well known there as an island trader, and bore 
an evil reputation along the waterfront. It was owned by a curious group of half- 
castes whose frequent meetings and night trips to the woods attracted no little 
curiosity; and it had set sail in great haste just after the storm and earth tremors 
of March 1st. Our Auckland correspondent gives the Emma and her crew an 
excellent reputation, and Johansen is described as a sober and worthy man. The 
admiralty will institute an inquiry on the whole matter beginning tomorrow, at 
which every effort will be made to induce Johansen to speak more freely than he 
has done hitherto. 

This was all, together with the picture of the hellish image; but what a train of 
ideas it started in my mind! Here were new treasuries of data on the Cthulhu 
Cult, and evidence that it had strange interests at sea as well as on land. What 
motive prompted the hybrid crew to order back the Emma as they sailed about 
with their hideous idol? What was the unknown island on which six of the 
Emma's crew had died, and about which the mate Johansen was so secretive? 
What had the vice-admiralty's investigation brought out, and what was known 
of the noxious cult in Dunedin? And most marvellous of all, what deep and more 
than natural linkage of dates was this which gave a malign and now undeniable 
significance to the various turns of events so carefully noted by my uncle? 

March 1st - or February 28th according to the International Date Line - the 
earthquake and storm had come. From Dunedin the Alert and her noisome crew 
had darted eagerly forth as if imperiously summoned, and on the other side of 



290 



the earth poets and artists had begun to dream of a strange, dank Cyclopean city 
whilst a young sculptor had moulded in his sleep the form of the dreaded 
Cthulhu. March 23rd the crew of the Emma landed on an unknown island and 
left six men dead; and on that date the dreams of sensitive men assumed a 
heightened vividness and darkened with dread of a giant monster's malign 
pursuit, whilst an architect had gone mad and a sculptor had lapsed suddenly 
into delirium! And what of this storm of April 2nd - the date on which all dreams 
of the dank city ceased, and Wilcox emerged unharmed from the bondage of 
strange fever? What of all this - and of those hints of old Castro about the 
sunken, star-born Old Ones and their coming reign; their faithful cult and their 
mastery of dreams? Was I tottering on the brink of cosmic horrors beyond man's 
power to bear? If so, they must be horrors of the mind alone, for in some way the 
second of April had put a stop to whatever monstrous menace had begun its 
siege of mankind's soul. 

That evening, after a day of hurried cabling and arranging, I bade my host adieu 
and took a train for San Francisco. In less than a month I was in Dunedin; where, 
however, I found that little was known of the strange cult-members who had 
lingered in the old sea-taverns. Waterfront scum was far too common for special 
mentnon; though there was vague talk about one inland trip these mongrels had 
made, during which faint drumming and red flame were noted on the distant 
hills. In Auckland I learned that Johansen had returned with yellow hair turned 
white after a perfunctory and inconclusive questioning at Sydney, and had 
thereafter sold his cottage in West Street and sailed with his wife to his old home 
in Oslo. Of his stirring experience he would tell his friends no more than he had 
told the admiralty officials, and all they could do was to give me his Oslo 
address. 

After that I went to Sydney and talked profitlessly with seamen and members of 
the vice-admiralty court. I saw the Alert, now sold and in commercial use, at 
Circular Quay in Sydney Cove, but gained nothing from its non-committal bulk. 
The crouching image with its cuttlefish head, dragon body, scaly wings, and 
hieroglyphed pedestal, was preserved in the Museum at Hyde Park; and I 
studied it long and well, finding it a thing of balefully exquisite workmanship, 
and with the same utter mystery, terrible antiquity, and unearthly strangeness of 
material which I had noted in Legrasse's smaller specimen. Geologists, the 
curator told me, had found it a monstrous puzzle; for they vowed that the world 
held no rock like it. Then I thought with a shudder of what Old Castro had told 
Legrasse about the Old Ones; "They had come from the stars, and had brought 
Their images with Them." 

Shaken with such a mental revolution as I had never before known, I now 
resolved to visit Mate Johansen in Oslo. Sailing for London, I reembarked at once 



291 



for the Norwegian capital; and one autumn day landed at the trim wharves in 
the shadow of the Egeberg. Johansen's address, I discovered, lay in the Old 
Town of King Harold Haardrada, which kept alive the name of Oslo during all 
the centuries that the greater city masqueraded as "Christiana." I made the brief 
trip by taxicab, and knocked with palpitant heart at the door of a neat and 
ancient building with plastered front. A sad-faced woman in black answered my 
summons, and I was stung th disappointment when she told me in halting 
English that Gustaf Johansen was no more. 

He had not long survived his return, said his wife, for the doings sea in 1925 had 
broken him. He had told her no more than he told the public, but had left a long 
manuscript - of "technical matters" as he said - written in English, evidently in 
order to guard her from the peril of casual perusal. During a walk rough a 
narrow lane near the Gothenburg dock, a bundle of papers falling from an attic 
window had knocked him down. Two Lascar sailors at once helped him to his 
feet, but before the ambulance could reach him he was dead. Physicians found 
no adequate cause the end, and laid it to heart trouble and a weakened 
constitution. I now felt gnawing at my vitals that dark terror which will never 
leave me till I, too, am at rest; "accidentally" or otherwise. Persuad-g the widow 
that my connexion with her husband's "technical matters" was sufficient to 
entitle me to his manuscript, I bore the document away and began to read it on 
the London boat. 

It was a simple, rambling thing - a naive sailor's effort at a post-facto diary - and 
strove to recall day by day that last awful voyage. I cannot attempt to transcribe 
it verbatim in all its cloudiness and redundance, but I will tell its gist enough to 
shew why the sound the water against the vessel's sides became so unendurable 
to me that I stopped my ears with cotton. 

Johansen, thank God, did not know quite all, even though he saw the city and 
the Thing, but I shall never sleep calmly again when I think of the horrors that 
lurk ceaselessly behind life in time and in space, and of those unhallowed 
blasphemies from elder stars which dream beneath the sea, known and favoured 
by a nightmare cult ready and eager to loose them upon the world whenever 
another earthquake shall heave their monstrous stone city again to the sun and 
air. 

Johansen's voyage had begun just as he told it to the vice-admiralty. The Emma, 
in ballast, had cleared Auckland on February 20th, and had felt the full force of 
that earthquake-born tempest which must have heaved up from the sea-bottom 
the horrors that filled men's dreams. Once more under control, the ship was 
making good progress when held up by the Alert on March 22nd, and I could 
feel the mate's regret as he wrote of her bombardment and sinking. Of the 



292 



swarthy cult-fiends on the Alert he speaks with significant horror. There was 
some peculiarly abominable quality about them which made their destruction 
seem almost a duty, and Johansen shews ingenuous wonder at the charge of 
ruthlessness brought against his party during the proceedings of the court of 
inquiry. Then, driven ahead by curiosity in their captured yacht under 
Johansen's command, the men sight a great stone pillar sticking out of the sea, 
and in S. Latitude 47°9', W. Longitude 123°43', come upon a coastline of mingled 
mud, ooze, and weedy Cyclopean masonry which can be nothing less than the 
tangible substance of earth's supreme terror - the nightmare corpse-city of 
R'lyeh, that was built in measureless aeons behind history by the vast, loathsome 
shapes that seeped down from the dark stars. There lay great Cthulhu and his 
hordes, hidden in green slimy vaults and sending out at last, after cycles 
incalculable, the thoughts that spread fear to the dreams of the sensitive and 
called imperiously to the faithfull to come on a pilgrimage of liberation and 
restoration. All this Johansen did not suspect, but God knows he soon saw 
enough! 

I suppose that only a single mountain-top, the hideous monolith-crowned citadel 
whereon great Cthulhu was buried, actually emerged from the waters. When I 
think of the extent of all that may be brooding down there I almost wish to kill 
myself forthwith. Johansen and his men were awed by the cosmic majesty of this 
dripping Babylon of elder daemons, and must have guessed without guidance 
that it was nothing of this or of any sane planet. Awe at the unbelievable size of 
the greenish stone blocks, at the dizzying height of the great carven monolith, 
and at the stupefying identity of the colossal statues and bas-reliefs with the 
queer image found in the shrine on the Alert, is poignantly visible in every line 
of the mates frightened description. 

Without knowing what futurism is like, Johansen achieved something very close 
to it when he spoke of the city; for instead of describing any definite structure or 
building, he dwells only on broad impressions of vast angles and stone surfaces - 
surfaces too great to belong to anything right or proper for this earth, and 
impious with horrible images and hieroglyphs. I mention his talk about angles 
because it suggests something Wilcox had told me of his awful dreams. He said 
that the geometry of the dream-place he saw was abnormal, non-Euclidean, and 
loathsomely redolent of spheres and dimensions apart from ours. Now an 
unlettered seaman felt the same thing whilst gazing at the terrible reality. 

Johansen and his men landed at a sloping mud-bank on this monstrous 
Acropolis, and clambered slipperily up over titan oozy blocks which could have 
been no mortal staircase. The very sun of heaven seemed distorted when viewed 
through the polarising miasma welling out from this sea-soaked perversion, and 
twisted menace and suspense lurked leeringly in those crazily elusive angles of 



293 



carven rock where a second glance shewed concavity after the first shewed 
convexity. 

Something very hke fright had come over all the explorers before anything more 
definite than rock and ooze and weed was seen. Each would have fled had he not 
feared the scorn of the others, and it was only half-heartedly that they searched - 
vainly, as it proved - for some portable souvenir to bear away. 

It was Rodriguez the Portuguese who climbed up the foot of the monolith and 
shouted of what he had found. The rest followed him, and looked curiously at 
the immense carved door with the now familiar squid-dragon bas-relief. It was, 
Johansen said, like a great barn-door; and they all felt that it was a door because 
of the ornate lintel, threshold, and jambs around it, though they could not decide 
whether it lay flat like a trap-door or slantwise like an outside cellar-door. As 
Wilcox would have said, the geometry of the place was all wrong. One could not 
be sure that the sea and the ground were horizontal, hence the relative position 
of everything else seemed phantasmally variable. 

Briden pushed at the stone in several places without result. Then Donovan felt 
over it delicately around the edge, pressing each point separately as he went. He 
climbed interminably along the grotesque stone moulding - that is, one would 
call it climbing if the thing was not after all horizontal - and the men wondered 
how any door in the universe could be so vast. Then, very softly and slowly, the 
acre-great lintel began to give inward at the top; and they saw that it was 
balanced 

Donovan slid or somehow propelled himself down or along the jamb and 
rejoined his fellows, and everyone watched the queer recession of the 
monstrously carven portal. In this phantasy of prismatic distortion it moved 
anomalously in a diagonal way, so that all the rules of matter and perspective 
seemed upset. 

The aperture was black with a darkness almost material. That tenebrousness was 
indeed a positive quality; for it obscured such parts of the inner walls as ought to 
have been revealed, and actually burst forth like smoke from its aeon-long 
imprisonment, visibly darkening the sun as it slunk away into the shrunken and 
gibbous sky on flapping membraneous wings. The odour rising from the newly 
opened depths was intolerable, and at length the quick-eared Hawkins thought 
he heard a nasty, slopping sound down there. Everyone listened, and everyone 
was listening still when It lumbered slobberingly into sight and gropingly 
squeezed Its gelatinous green immensity through the black doorway into the 
tainted outside air of that poison city of madness. 



294 



Poor Johansen's handwriting almost gave out when he wrote of this. Of the six 
men who never reached the ship, he thinks two perished of pure fright in that 
accursed instant. The Thing cannot be described - there is no language for such 
abysms of shrieking and immemorial lunacy, such eldritch contradictions of all 
matter, force, and cosmic order. A mountain walked or stumbled. God! What 
wonder that across the earth a great architect went mad, and poor Wilcox raved 
with fever in that telepathic instant? The Thing of the idols, the green, sticky 
spawn of the stars, had awaked to claim his own. The stars were right again, and 
what an age-old cult had failed to do by design, a band of innocent sailors had 
done by accident. After vigintillions of years great Cthulhu was loose again, and 
ravening for delight. 

Three men were swept up by the flabby claws before anybody turned. God rest 
them, if there be any rest in the universe. They were Donovan, Guerrera, and 
Angstrom. Parker slipped as the other three were plunging frenziedly over 
endless vistas of green-crusted rock to the boat, and Johansen swears he was 
swallowed up by an angle of masonry which shouldn't have been there; an angle 
which was acute, but behaved as if it were obtuse. So only Briden and Johansen 
reached the boat, and pulled desperately for the Alert as the mountainous 
monstrosity flopped down the slimy stones and hesitated, floundering at the 
edge of the water. 

Steam had not been suffered to go down entirely, despite the departure of all 
hands for the shore; and it was the work of only a few moments of feverish 
rushing up and down between wheel and engines to get the Alert under way. 
Slowly, amidst the distorted horrors of that indescribable scene, she began to 
churn the lethal waters; whilst on the masonry of that charnel shore that was not 
of earth the titan Thing from the stars slavered and gibbered like Polypheme 
cursing the fleeing ship of Odysseus. Then, bolder than the storied Cyclops, great 
Cthulhu slid greasily into the water and began to pursue with vast wave-raising 
strokes of cosmic potency. Briden looked back and went mad, laughing shrilly as 
he kept on laughing at intervals till death found him one night in the cabin whilst 
Johansen was wandering deliriously. 

But Johansen had not given out yet. Knowing that the Thing could surely 
overtake the Alert until steam was fully up, he resolved on a desperate chance; 
and, setting the engine for full speed, ran lightning-like on deck and reversed the 
wheel. There was a mighty eddying and foaming in the noisome brine, and as 
the steam mounted higher and higher the brave Norwegian drove his vessel 
head on against the pursuing jelly which rose above the unclean froth like the 
stern of a daemon galleon. The awful squid-head with writhing feelers came 
nearly up to the bowsprit of the sturdy yacht, but johansen drove on relentlessly. 
There was a bursting as of an exploding bladder, a slushy nastiness as of a cloven 



295 



sunfish, a stench as of a thousand opened graves, and a sound that the chronicler 
could not put on paper. For an instant the ship was befouled by an acrid and 
blinding green cloud, and then there was only a venomous seething astern; 
where - God in heaven! - the scattered plasticity of that nameless sky-spawn was 
nebulously recombining in its hateful original form, whilst its distance widened 
every second as the Alert gained impetus from its mounting steam. 

That was all. After that Johansen only brooded over the idol in the cabin and 
attended to a few matters of food for himself and the laughing maniac by his 
side. He did not try to navigate after the first bold flight, for the reaction had 
taken something out of his soul. Then came the storm of April 2nd, and a 
gathering of the clouds about his consciousness. There is a sense of spectral 
whirling through liquid gulfs of infinity, of dizzying rides through reeling 
universes on a comets tail, and of hysterical plunges from the pit to the moon 
and from the moon back again to the pit, all livened by a cachinnating chorus of 
the distorted, hilarious elder gods and the green, bat-winged mocking imps of 
Tartarus. 

Out of that dream came rescue-the Vigilant, the vice-admiralty court, the streets 
of Dunedin, and the long voyage back home to the old house by the Egeberg. He 
could not tell - they would think him mad. He would write of what he knew 
before death came, but his wife must not guess. Death would be a boon if only it 
could blot out the memories. 

That was the document I read, and now I have placed it in the tin box beside the 
bas-relief and the papers of Professor Angell. With it shall go this record of mine 
- this test of my own sanity, wherein is pieced together that which I hope may 
never be pieced together again. I have looked upon all that the universe has to 
hold of horror, and even the skies of spring and the flowers of summer must ever 
afterward be poison to me. But I do not think my life will be long. As my uncle 
went, as poor Johansen went, so I shall go. I know too much, and the cult still 
lives. 

Cthulhu still lives, too, I suppose, again in that chasm of stone which has 
shielded him since the sun was young. His accursed city is sunken once more, for 
the Vigilant sailed over the spot after the April storm; but his ministers on earth 
still bellow and prance and slay around idol-capped monoliths in lonely places. 
He must have been trapped by the sinking whilst within his black abyss, or else 
the world would by now be screaming with fright and frenzy. Who knows the 
end? What has risen may sink, and what has sunk may rise. Loathsomeness 
waits and dreams in the deep, and decay spreads over the tottering cities of men. 
A time will come - but I must not and cannot think! Let me pray that, if I do not 



296 



survive this manuscript, my executors may put caution before audacity and see 
that it meets no other eye. 



297 



The Case of Charles Dexter Ward 

Written from January to March, 1927 

Published May and July of 1941 in Weird Tales 

'The essential Saltes of Animals may be so prepared and preserved, that an 
ingenious Man may have the whole Ark of Noah in his own Studie, and raise the 
fine Shape of an Animal out of its Ashes at his Pleasure; and by the lyke Method 
from the essential Saltes of humane Dust, a Philosopher may, without any 
criminal Necromancy, call up the Shape of any dead Ancestour from the Dust 
whereinto his Bodie has been incinerated.' 

- Borellus 

I. A Result and a Prologe 

1 

From a private hospital for the insane near Providence, Rhode Island, there 
recently disappeared an exceedingly singular person. He bore the name of 
Charles Dexter Ward, and was placed under restraint most reluctantly by the 
grieving father who had watched his aberration grow from a mere eccentricity to 
a dark mania involving both a possibility of murderous tendencies and a 
profound and peculiar change in the apparent contents of his mind. Doctors 
confess themselves quite baffled by his case, since it presented oddities of a 
general physiological as well as psychological character. 

In the first place, the patient seemed oddly older than his twenty-six years would 
warrant. Mental disturbance, it is true, will age one rapidly; but the face of this 
young man had taken on a subtle cast which only the very aged normally 
acquire. In the second place, his organic processes shewed a certain queerness of 
proportion which nothing in medical experience can parallel. Respiration and 
heart action had a baffling lack of symmetry; the voice was lost, so that no 
sounds above a whisper were possible; digestion was incredibly prolonged and 
minimised, and neural reactions to standard stimuli bore no relation at all to 
anything heretofore recorded, either normal or pathological. The skin had a 
morbid chill and dryness, and the cellular structure of the tissue seemed 
exaggeratedly coarse and loosely knit. Even a large olive birthmark on the right 
hip had disappeared, whilst there had formed on the chest a very peculiar mole 
or blackish spot of which no trace existed before. In general, all physicians agree 
that in Ward the processes of metabolism had become retarded to a degree 
beyond precedent. 



298 



Psychologically, too, Charles Ward was unique. His madness held no affinity to 
any sort recorded in even the latest and most exhaustive of treatises, and was 
conjoined to a mental force which would have made him a genius or a leader had 
it not been twisted into strange and grotesque forms. Dr. Willett, who was 
Ward's family physician, affirms that the patient's gross mental capacity, as 
gauged by his response to matters outside the sphere of his insanity, had actually 
increased since the seizure. Ward, it is true, was always a scholar and an 
antiquarian; but even his most brilliant early work did not shew the prodigious 
grasp and insight displayed during his last examinations by the alienists. It was, 
indeed, a difficult matter to obtain a legal commitment to the hospital, so 
powerful and lucid did the youth's mind seem; and only on the evidence of 
others, and on the strength of many abnormal gaps in his stock of information as 
distinguished from his intelligence, was he finally placed in confinement. To the 
very moment of his vanishment he was an omnivorous reader and as great a 
conversationalist as his poor voice permitted; and shrewd observers, failing to 
foresee his escape, freely predicted that he would not be long in gaining his 
discharge from custody. 

Only Dr. Willett, who brought Charles Ward into the world and had watched his 
growth of body and mind ever since, seemed frightened at the thought of his 
future freedom. He had had a terrible experience and had made a terrible 
discovery which he dared not reveal to his sceptical colleagues. Willett, indeed, 
presents a minor mystery all his own in his connexion with the case. He was the 
last to see the patient before his flight, and emerged from that final conversation 
in a state of mixed horror and relief which several recalled when Ward's escape 
became known three hours later. That escape itself is one of the unsolved 
wonders of Dr. Waite's hospital. A window open above a sheer drop of sixty feet 
could hardly explain it, yet after that talk with Willett the youth was undeniably 
gone. Willett himself has no public explanations to offer, though he seems 
strangely easier in mind than before the escape. Many, indeed, feel that he would 
like to say more if he thought any considerable number would believe him. He 
had found Ward in his room, but shortly after his departure the attendants 
knocked in vain. When they opened the door the patient was not there, and all 
they found was the open window with a chill April breeze blowing in a cloud of 
fine bluish-grey dust that almost choked them. True, the dogs howled some time 
before; but that was while Willett was still present, and they had caught nothing 
and shewn no disturbance later on. Ward's father was told at once over the 
telephone, but he seemed more saddened than surprised. By the time Dr. Waite 
called in person. Dr. Willett had been talking with him, and both disavowed any 
knowledge or complicity in the escape. Only from certain closely confidential 
friends of Willett and the senior Ward have any clues been gained, and even 
these are too wildly fantastic for general credence. The one fact which remains is 
that up to the present time no trace of the missing madman has been unearthed. 



299 



Charles Ward was an antiquarian from infancy, no doubt gaining his taste from 
the venerable town around him, and from the relics of the past which filled every 
corner of his parents' old mansion in Prospect Street on the crest of the hill. With 
the years his devotion to ancient things increased; so that history, genealogy, and 
the study of colonial architecture, furniture, and craftsmanship at length 
crowded everything else from his sphere of interests. These tastes are important 
to remember in considering his madness; for although they do not form its 
absolute nucleus, they play a prominent part in its superficial form. The gaps of 
information which the alienists noticed were all related to modern matters, and 
were invariably offset by a correspondingly excessive though outwardly 
concealed knowledge of bygone matters as brought out by adroit questioning; so 
that one would have fancied the patient literally transferred to a former age 
through some obscure sort of auto-hypnosis. The odd thing was that Ward 
seemed no longer interested in the antiquities he knew so well. He had, it 
appears, lost his regard for them through sheer familiarity; and all his final 
efforts were obviously bent toward mastering those common facts of the modern 
world which had been so totally and unmistakably expunged from his brain. 
That this wholesale deletion had occurred, he did his best to hide; but it was clear 
to all who watched him that his whole programme of reading and conversation 
was determined by a frantic wish to imbibe such knowledge of his own life and 
of the ordinary practical and cultural background of the twentieth century as 
ought to have been his by virtue of his birth in 1902 and his education in the 
schools of our own time. Alienists are now wondering how, in view of his vitally 
impaired range of data, the escaped patient manages to cope with the 
complicated world of today; the dominant opinion being that he is "lying low" in 
some humble and unexacting position till his stock of modern information can be 
brought up to the normal. 

The beginning of Ward's madness is a matter of dispute among alienists. Dr. 
Lyman, the eminent Boston authority, places it in 1919 or 1920, during the boy's 
last year at the Moses Brown School, when he suddenly turned from the study of 
the past to the study of the occult, and refused to qualify for college on the 
ground that he had individual researches of much greater importance to make. 
This is certainly borne out by Ward's altered habits at the time, especially by his 
continual search through town records and among old burying-grounds for a 
certain grave dug in 1771; the grave of an ancestor named Joseph Curwen, some 
of whose papers he professed to have found behind the panelling of a very old 
house in Olney Court, on Stampers' Hill, which Curwen was known to have 
built and occupied. It is, broadly speaking, undeniable that the winter of 1919-20 
saw a great change in Ward; whereby he abruptly stopped his general 
antiquarian pursuits and embarked on a desperate delving into occult subjects 
both at home and abroad, varied only by this strangely persistent search for his 
forefather's grave. 



300 



From this opinion, however. Dr. Willett substantially dissents; basing his verdict 
on his close and continuous knowledge of the patient, and on certain frightful 
investigations and discoveries which he made toward the last. Those 
investigations and discoveries have left their mark upon him; so that his voice 
trembles when he tells them, and his hand trembles when he tries to write of 
them. Willett admits that the change of 1919-20 would ordinarily appear to mark 
the beginning of a progressive decadence which culminated in the horrible and 
uncanny alienation of 1928; but believes from personal observation that a finer 
distinction must be made. Granting freely that the boy was always ill-balanced 
temperamentally, and prone to be unduly susceptible and enthusiastic in his 
responses to phenomena around him, he refuses to concede that the early 
alteration marked the actual passage from sanity to madness; crediting instead 
Ward's own statement that he had discovered or rediscovered something whose 
effect on human though was likely to be marvellous and profound. The true 
madness, he is certain, came with a later change; after the Curwen portrait and 
the ancient papers had been unearthed; after a trip to strange foreign places had 
been made, and some terrible invocations chanted under strange and secret 
circumstances; after certain answers to these invocations had been plainly 
indicated, and a frantic letter penned under agonising and inexplicable 
conditions; after the wave of vampirism and the ominous Pawtuxet gossip; and 
after the patient's memory commenced to exclude contemporary images whilst 
his physical aspect underwent the subtle modification so many subsequently 
noticed. 

It was only about this time, Willett points out with much acuteness, that the 
nightmare qualities became indubitably linked with Ward; and the doctor feels 
shudderingly sure that enough solid evidence exists to sustain the youth's claim 
regarding his crucial discovery. In the first place, two workmen of high 
intelligence saw Joseph Curwen's ancient papers found. Secondly, the boy once 
shewed Dr. Willett those papers and a page of the Curwen diary, and each of the 
documents had every appearance of genuineness. The hole where Ward claimed 
to have found them was long a visible reality, and Willett had a very convincing 
final glimpse of them in surroundings which can scarcely be believed and can 
never perhaps be proved. Then there were the mysteries and coincidences of the 
Orne and Hutchinson letters, and the problem of the Curwen penmanship and of 
what the detectives brought to light about Dr. Allen; these things, and the terrible 
message in mediaeval minuscules found in Willett's pocket when he gained 
consciousness after his shocking experience. 

And most conclusive of all, there are the two hideous results which the doctor 
obtained from a certain pair of formulae during his final investigations; results 
which virtually proved the authenticity of the papers and of their monstrous 



301 



implications at the same time that those papers were borne forever from human 
knowledge. 



One must look back at Charles Ward's earlier life as at something belonging as 
much to the past as the antiquities he loved so keenly. In the autumn of 1918, and 
with a considerable show of zest in the military training of the period, he had 
begun his junior year at the Moses Brown School, which lies very near his home. 
The old main building, erected in 1819, had always charmed his youthful 
antiquarian sense; and the spacious park in which the academy is set appealed to 
his sharp eye for landscape. His social activities were few; and his hours were 
spent mainly at home, in rambling walks, in his classes and drills, and in pursuit 
of antiquarian and genealogical data at the City Hall, the State House, the Public 
Library, the Athenaeum, the Historical Society, the John Carter Brown and John 
Hay Libraries of Brown University, and the newly opened Shepley Library in 
Benefit Street. One may picture him yet as he was in those days; tall, slim, and 
blond, with studious eyes and a slight droop, dressed somewhat carelessly, and 
giving a dominant impression of harmless awkwardness rather than 
attractiveness. 

His walks were always adventures in antiquity, during which he managed to 
recapture from the myriad relics of a glamorous old city a vivid and connected 
picture of the centuries before. His home was a great Georgian mansion atop the 
well-nigh precipitous hill that rises just east of the river; and from the rear 
windows of its rambling wings he could look dizzily out over all the clustered 
spires, domes, roofs, and skyscraper summits of the lower town to the purple 
hills of the countryside beyond. Here he was born, and from the lovely classic 
porch of the double-bayed brick facade his nurse had first wheeled him in his 
carriage; past the little white farmhouse of two hundred years before that the 
town had long ago overtaken, and on toward the stately colleges along the 
shady, sumptuous street, whose old square brick mansions and smaller wooden 
houses with narrow, heavy-columned Doric porches dreamed solid and 
exclusive amidst their generous yards and gardens. 

He had been wheeled, too, along sleepy Congdon Street, one tier lower down on 
the steep hill, and with all its eastern homes on high terraces. The small wooden 
houses averaged a greater age here, for it was up this hill that the growing town 
had climbed; and in these rides he had imbibed something of the colour of a 
quaint colonial village. The nurse used to stop and sit on the benches of Prospect 
Terrace to chat with policemen; and one of the child's first memories was of the 
great westward sea of hazy roofs and domes and steeples and far hills which he 
saw one winter afternoon from that great railed embankment, and violet and 



302 



mystic against a fevered, apocalyptic sunset of reds and golds and purples and 
curious greens. The vast marble dome of the State House stood out in massive 
silhouette, its crowning statue haloed fantastically by a break in one of the tinted 
stratus clouds that barred the flaming sky. 

When he was larger his famous walks began; first with his impatiently dragged 
nurse, and then alone in dreamy meditation. Farther and farther down that 
almost perpendicular hill he would venture, each time reaching older and 
quainter levels of the ancient city. He would hesitate gingerly down vertical 
Jenckes Street with its bank walls and colonial gables to the shady Benefit Street 
corner, where before him was a wooden antique with an lonic-pilastered pair of 
doorways, and beside him a prehistoric gambrel-roofer with a bit of primal 
farmyard remaining, and the great Judge Durfee house with its fallen vestiges of 
Georgian grandeur. It was getting to be a slum here; but the titan elms cast a 
restoring shadow over the place, and the boy used to stroll south past the long 
lines of the pre-Revolutionary homes with their great central chimneys and 
classic portals. On the eastern side they were set high over basements with railed 
double flights of stone steps, and the young Charles could picture them as they 
were when the street was new, and red heels and periwigs set off the painted 
pediments whose signs of wear were now becoming so visible. 

Westward the hill dropped almost as steeply as above, down to the old "Town 
Street" that the founders had laid out at the river's edge in 1636. Here ran 
innumerable little lanes with leaning, huddled houses of immense antiquity; and 
fascinated though he was, it was long before he dared to thread their archaic 
verticality for fear they would turn out a dream or a gateway to unknown 
terrors. He found it much less formidable to continue along Benefit Street past 
the iron fence of St. John's hidden churchyard and the rear of the 1761 Colony 
House and the mouldering bulk of the Golden Ball Inn where Washington 
stopped. At Meeting Street - the successive Gaol Lane and King Street of other 
periods - he would look upward to the east and see the arched flight of steps to 
which the highway had to resort in climbing the slope, and downward to the 
west, glimpsing the old brick colonial schoolhouse that smiles across the road at 
the ancient Sign of Shakespeare's Head where the Providence Gazette and 
Country-Journal was printed before the Revolution. Then came the exquisite 
First Baptist Church of 1775, luxurious with its matchless Gibbs steeple, and the 
Georgian roofs and cupolas hovering by. Here and to the southward the 
neighbourhood became better, flowering at last into a marvellous group of early 
mansions; but still the little ancient lanes led off down the precipice to the west, 
spectral in their many-gabled archaism and dipping to a riot of iridescent decay 
where the wicked old water-front recalls its proud East India days amidst 
polyglot vice and squalor, rotting wharves, and blear-eyed ship-chandleries. 



303 



with such surviving alley names as Packet, Bullion, Gold, Silver, Coin, Doubloon, 
Sovereign, Guilder, Dollar, Dime, and Cent. 

Sometimes, as he grew taller and more adventurous, young Ward would venture 
down into this maelstrom of tottering houses, broken transoms, tumbling steps, 
twisted balustrades, swarthy faces, and nameless odours; winding from South 
Main to South Water, searching out the docks where the bay and sound steamers 
still touched, and returning northward at this lower level past the steep-roofed 
1816 warehouses and the broad square at the Great Bridge, where the 1773 
Market House still stands firm on its ancient arches. In that square he would 
pause to drink in the bewildering beauty of the old town as it rises on its 
eastward bluff, decked with its two Georgian spires and crowned by the vast 
new Christian Science dome as London is crowned by St. Paul's. He like mostly 
to reach this point in the late afternoon, when the slanting sunlight touches the 
Market House and the ancient hill roofs and belfries with gold, and throws 
magic around the dreaming wharves where Providence Indiamen used to ride at 
anchor. After a long look he would grow almost dizzy with a poet's love for the 
sight, and then he would scale the slope homeward in the dusk past the old 
white church and up the narrow precipitous ways where yellow gleams would 
begin to peep out in small-paned windows and through fanlights set high over 
double flights of steps with curious wrought-iron railings. 

At other times, and in later years, he would seek for vivid contrasts; spending 
half a walk in the crumbling colonial regions northwest of his home, where the 
hill drops to the lower eminence of Stampers' Hill with its ghetto and negro 
quarter clustering round the place where the Boston stage coach used to start 
before the Revolution, and the other half in the gracious southerly realm about 
George, Benevolent, Power, and Williams Streets, where the old slope holds 
unchanged the fine estates and bits of walled garden and steep green lane in 
which so many fragrant memories linger. These rambles, together with the 
diligent studies which accompanied them, certainly account for a large amount 
of the antiquarian lore which at last crowded the modern world from Charles 
Ward's mind; and illustrate the mental soil upon which fell, in that fateful winter 
of 1919-20, the seeds that came to such strange and terrible fruition. 

Dr. Willett is certain that, up to this ill-omened winter of first change, Charles 
Ward's antiquarianism was free from every trace of the morbid. Graveyards held 
for him no particular attraction beyond their quaintness and historic value, and 
of anything like violence or savage instinct he was utterly devoid. Then, by 
insidious degrees, there appeared to develop a curious sequel to one of his 
genealogical triumphs of the year before; when he had discovered among his 
maternal ancestors a certain very long-lived man named Joseph Curwen, who 



304 



had come from Salem in March of 1692, and about whom a whispered series of 
highly peculiar and disquieting stories clustered. 

Ward's great-great-grandfather Welcome Potter had in 1785 married a certain 
'Ann Tillinghast, daughter of Mrs. Eliza, daughter to Capt. James Tillinghast,' of 
whose paternity the family had preserved no trace. Late in 1918, whilst 
examining a volume of original town records in manuscript, the young 
genealogist encountered an entry describing a legal change of name, by which in 
1772 a Mrs. Eliza Curwen, widow of Joseph Curwen, resumed, along with her 
seven-year-old daughter Ann, her maiden name of Tillinghast; on the ground 
'that her Husband's name was become a public Reproach by Reason of what was 
knowne after his Decease; the which confirming an antient common Rumour, 
tho' not to be credited by a loyall Wife till so proven as to be wholely past 
Doubting.' 

This entry came to light upon the accidental separation of two leaves which had 
been carefully pasted together and treated as one by a laboured revision of the 
page numbers. 

It was at once clear to Charles Ward that he had indeed discovered a hitherto 
unknown great-great-great-grandfather. The discovery doubly excited him 
because he had already heard vague reports and seen scattered allusions relating 
to this person; about whom there remained so few publicly available records, 
aside from those becoming public only in modern times, that it almost seemed as 
if a conspiracy had existed to blot him from memory. What did appear, 
moreover, was of such a singular and provocative nature that one could not fail 
to imagine curiously what it was that the colonial recorders were so anxious to 
conceal and forget; or to suspect that the deletion had reasons all too valid. 

Before this. Ward had been content to let his romancing about old Joseph 
Curwen remain in the idle stage; but having discovered his own relationship to 
this apparently "hushed-up" character, he proceeded to hunt out as 
systematically as possible whatever he might find concerning him. In this excited 
quest he eventually succeeded beyond his highest expectations; for old letters, 
diaries, and sheaves of unpublished memoirs in cobwebbed Providence garrets 
and elsewhere yielded many illuminating passages which their writers had not 
thought it worth their while to destroy. One important sidelight came from a 
point as remote as New York, where some Rhode Island colonial correspondence 
was stored in the Museum at Fraunces' Tavern. The really crucial thing, though, 
and what in Dr, Willett's opinion formed the definite source of Ward's undoing, 
was the matter found in August 1919 behind the panelling of the crumbling 
house in Olney Court. It was that, beyond a doubt, which opened up those black 
vistas whose end was deeper than the pit. 



305 



II. An Antecedent and a Horror 



Joseph Curwen, as revealed by the rambhng legends embodied in what Ward 
heard and unearthed, was a very astonishing, enigmatic, and obscurely horrible 
individual. He had fled from Salem to Providence - that universal haven of the 
odd, the free, and the dissenting - at the beginning of the great witchcraft panic; 
being in fear of accusation because of his solitary ways and queer chemical or 
alchemical experiments. He was a colourless-looking man of about thirty, and 
was soon found qualified to become a freeman of Providence; thereafter buying a 
home lot just north of Gregory Dexter's at about the foot of Olney Street. His 
house was built on Stampers' Hill west of the Town Street, in what later became 
Olney Court; and in 1761 he replaced this with a larger one, on the same site, 
which is still standing. 

Now the first odd thing about Joseph Curwen was that he did not seem to grow 
much older than he had been on his arrival. He engaged in shipping enterprises, 
purchased wharfage near Mile-End Cove, helped rebuild the Great Bridge in 
1713, and in 1723 was one of the founders of the Congregational Church on the 
hill; but always did he retain his nondescript aspect of a man not greatly over 
thirty or thirty-five. As decades mounted up, this singular quality began to excite 
wide notice; but Curwen always explained it by saying that he came of hardy 
forefathers, and practised a simplicity of living which did not wear him our. 
How such simplicity could be reconciled with the inexplicable comings and 
goings of the secretive merchant, and with the queer gleaming of his windows at 
all hours of night, was not very clear to the townsfolk; and they were prone to 
assign other reasons for his continued youth and longevity. It was held, for the 
most part, that Curwen's incessant mixings and boilings of chemicals had much 
to do with his condition. Gossip spoke of the strange substances he brought from 
London and the Indies on his ships or purchased in Newport, Boston, and New 
York; and when old Dr. Jabez Bowen came from Rehoboth and opened his 
apothecary shop across the Great Bridge at the Sign of the Unicorn and Mortar, 
there was ceaseless talk of the drugs, acids, and metals that the taciturn recluse 
incessantly bought or ordered from him. Acting on the assumption that Curwen 
possessed a wondrous and secret medical skill, many sufferers of various sorts 
applied to him for aid; but though he appeared to encourage their belief in a non- 
committal way, and always gave them odd-coloured potions in response to their 
requests, it was observed that his ministrations to others seldom proved of 
benefit. At length, when over fifty years had passed since the stranger's advent, 
and without producing more than five years' apparent change in his face and 
physique, the people began to whisper more darkly; and to meet more than half 
way that desire for isolation which he had always shewn. 



306 



Private letters and diaries of the period reveal, too, a multitude of other reasons 
why Joseph Curwen was marvelled at, feared, and finally shunned like a plague. 
His passion for graveyards, in which he was glimpsed at all hours, and under all 
conditions, was notorious; though no one had witnessed any deed on his part 
which could actually be termed ghoulish. On the Pawtuxet Road he had a farm, 
at which he generally lived during the summer, and to which he would 
frequently be seen riding at various odd times of the day or night. Here his only 
visible servants, farmers, and caretakers were a sullen pair of aged Narragansett 
Indians; the husband dumb and curiously scarred, and the wife of a very 
repulsive cast of countenance, probably due to a mixture of negro blood. In the 
lead-to of this house was the laboratory where most of the chemical experiments 
were conducted. Curious porters and teamers who delivered bottles, bags, or 
boxes at the small read door would exchange accounts of the fantastic flasks, 
crucibles, alembics, and furnaces they saw in the low shelved room; and 
prophesied in whispers that the close-mouthed "chymist" - by which they meant 
alchemist - would not be long in finding the Philosopher's Stone. The nearest 
neighbours to this farm - the Fenners, a quarter of a mile away - had still queerer 
things to tell of certain sounds which they insisted came from the Curwen place 
in the night. There were cries, they said, and sustained bowlings; and they did 
not like the large numbers of livestock which thronged the pastures, for no such 
amount was needed to keep a lone old man and a very few servants in meat, 
milk, and wool. The identity of the stock seemed to change from week to week as 
new droves were purchased from the Kingstown farmers. Then, too, there was 
something very obnoxious about a certain great stone outbuilding with only high 
narrow slits for windows. 

Great Bridge idlers likewise had much to say of Curwen's town house in Olney 
Court; not so much the fine new one built in 1761, when the man must have been 
nearly a century old, but the first low gambrel-roofed one with the windowless 
attic and shingled sides, whose timbers he took the peculiar precaution of 
burning after its demolition. Here there was less mystery, it is true; but the hours 
at which lights were seen, the secretiveness of the two swarthy foreigners who 
comprised the only menservants, the hideous indistinct mumbling of the 
incredibly aged French housekeeper, the large amounts of food seen to enter a 
door within which only four persons lived, and the quality of certain voices often 
heard in muffled conversation at highly unseasonable times, all combined with 
what was known of the Pawtuxet farm to give the place a bad name. 

In choicer circles, too, the Curwen home was by no means undiscussed; for as the 
newcomer had gradually worked into the church and trading life of the town, he 
had naturally made acquaintances of the better sort, whose company and 
conversation he was well fitted by education to enjoy. His birth was known to be 
good, since the Curwens or Corwins of Salem needed no introduction in New 



307 



England. It developed that Joseph Curwen had travelled much in very early life, 
living for a time in England and making at least two voyages to the Orient; and 
his speech, when he deigned to use it, was that of a learned and cultivated 
Englishman. But for some reason or other Curwen did not care for society. 
Whilst never actually rebuffing a visitor, he always reared such a wall of reserve 
that few could think of anything to say to him which would not sound inane. 

There seemed to lurk in his bearing some cryptic, sardonic arrogance, as if he 
had come to find all human beings dull though having moved among stranger 
and more potent entities. When Dr. Checkley the famous wit came from Boston 
in 1738 to be rector of King's Church, he did not neglect calling on one of whom 
he soon heard so much; but left in a very short while because of some sinister 
undercurrent he detected in his host's discourse. Charles Ward told his father, 
when they discussed Curwen one winter evening, that he would give much to 
learn what the mysterious old man had said to the sprightly cleric, but that all 
diarists agree concerning Dr. Checkley's reluctance to repeat anything he had 
heard. The good man had been hideously shocked, and could never recall Joseph 
Curwen without a visible loss of the gay urbanity for which he was famed. 

More definite, however, was the reason why another man of taste and breeding 
avoided the haughty hermit. In 1746 Mr. John Merritt, an elderly English 
gentleman of literary and scientific leanings, came from Newport to the town 
which was so rapidly overtaking it in standing, and built a fine country seat on 
the Neck in what is now the heart of the best residence section. He lived in 
considerable style and comfort, keeping the first coach and liveried servants in 
town, and taking great pride in his telescope, his microscope, and his well- 
chosen library of English and Latin books. Hearing of Curwen as the owner of 
the best library in Providence, Mr. Merritt early paid him a call, and was more 
cordially received than most other callers at the house had been. His admiration 
for his host's ample shelves, which besides the Greek, Latin, and English classics 
were equipped with a remarkable battery of philosophical, mathematical, and 
scientific works including Paracelsus, Agricola, Van Helmont, Sylvius, Glauber, 
Boyle, Boerhaave, Becher, and Stahl, led Curwen to suggest a visit to the 
farmhouse and laboratory whither he had never invited anyone before; and the 
two drove out at once in Mr. Merritt's coach. 

Mr. Merritt always confessed to seeing nothing really horrible at the farmhouse, 
but maintained that the titles of the books in the special library of 
thaumaturgical, alchemical, and theological subjects which Curwen kept in a 
front room were alone sufficient to inspire him with a lasting loathing. Perhaps, 
however, the facial expression of the owner in exhibiting them contributed much 
of the prejudice. This bizarre collection, besides a host of standard works which 
Mr. Merritt was not too alarmed to envy, embraced nearly all the cabbalists. 



308 



daemonologists, and magicians known to man; and was a treasure-house of lore 
in the doubtful realms of alchemy and astrology. Hermes Trismegistus in 
Mesnard's edition, the Turba Philosophorum, Geber's Liber Investigationis, and 
Artephius's Key of Wisdom all were there; with the cabbalistic Zohar, Peter 
Jammy's set of Albertus Magnus, Raymond Lully's Ars Magna et Ultima in 
Zetsner's edition, Roger Bacon's Thesaurus Chemicus, Fludd's Clavis Alchimiae, 
and Trithemius's De Lapide Philosophico crowding them close. Mediaeval Jews 
and Arabs were represented in profusion, and Mr. Merritt turned pale when, 
upon taking down a fine volume conspicuously labelled as the Qanoon-e-Islam, 
he found it was in truth the forbidden Necronomicon of the mad Arab Abdul 
Alhazred, of which he had heard such monstrous things whispered some years 
previously after the exposure of nameless rites at the strange little fishing village 
of Kingsport, in the province of the Massachussetts-Bay. 

But oddly enough, the worthy gentleman owned himself most impalpably 
disquieted by a mere minor detail. On the huge mahogany table there lay face 
downwards a badly worn copy of Borellus, bearing many cryptical marginalia 
and interlineations in Curwen's hand. The book was open at about its middle, 
and one paragraph displayed such thick and tremulous pen-strokes beneath the 
lines of mystic black-letter that the visitor could not resist scanning it through. 
Whether it was the nature of the passage underscored, or the feverish heaviness 
of the strokes which formed the underscoring, he could not tell; but something in 
that combination affected him very badly and very peculiarly. He recalled it to 
the end of his days, writing it down from memory in his diary and once trying to 
recite it to his close friend Dr. Checkley till he saw how greatly it disturbed the 
urbane rector. It read: 

'The essential Saltes of Animals may be so prepared and preserved, that an 
ingenious Man may have the whole Ark of Noah in his own Studie, and raise the 
fine Shape of an Animal out of its Ashes at his Pleasure; and by the lyke Method 
from the essential Saltes of humane Dust, a Philosopher may, without any 
criminal Necromancy, call up the Shape of any dead Ancestour from the Dust 
whereinto his Bodie has been incinerated.' 

It was near the docks along the southerly part of the Town Street, however, that 
the worst things were muttered about Joseph Curwen. Sailors are superstitious 
folk; and the seasoned salts who manned the infinite rum, slave, and molasses 
sloops, the rakish privateers, and the great brigs of the Browns, Crawfords, and 
Tillinghasts, all made strange furtive signs of protection when they saw the slim, 
deceptively young-looking figure with its yellow hair and slight stoop entering 
the Curwen warehouse in Doubloon Street or talking with captains and 
supercargoes on the long quay where the Curwen ships rode restlessly. 
Curwen's own clerks and captains hated and feared him, and all his sailors were 



309 



mongrel riff-raff from Martinique, St. Eustatius, Havana, or Port Royal. It was, in 
a way, the frequency with which these sailors were replaced which inspired the 
acutest and most tangible part of the fear in which the old man was held. A crew 
would be turned loose in the town on shore leave, some of its members perhaps 
charged with this errand or that; and when reassembled it would be almost sure 
to lack one or more men. That many of the errands had concerned the farm of 
Pawtuxet Road, and that few of the sailors had ever been seen to return from that 
place, was not forgotten; so that in time it became exceedingly difficult for 
Curwen to keep his oddly assorted hands. Almost invariably several would 
desert soon after hearing the gossip of the Providence wharves, and their 
replacement in the West Indies became an increasingly great problem to the 
merchant. 

By 1760 Joseph Curwen was virtually an outcast, suspected of vague horrors and 
daemoniac alliances which seemed all the more menacing because they could not 
be named, understood, or even proved to exist. The last straw may have come 
from the affair of the missing soldiers in 1758, for in March and April of that year 
two Royal regiments on their way to New France were quartered in Providence, 
and depleted by an inexplicable process far beyond the average rate of desertion. 
Rumour dwelt on the frequency with which Curwen was wont to be seen talking 
with the red-coated strangers; and as several of them began to be missed, people 
thought of the odd conditions among his own seamen. What would have 
happened if the regiments had not been ordered on, no one can tell. 

Meanwhile the merchant's worldly affairs were prospering. He had a virtual 
monopoly of the town's trade in saltpetre, black pepper, and cinnamon, and 
easily led any other one shipping establishment save the Browns in his 
importation of brassware, indigo, cotton, woollens, salt, rigging, iron, paper, and 
English goods of every kind. Such shopkeepers as James Green, at the Sign of the 
Elephant in Cheapside, the Russells, at the Sign of the Golden Eagle across the 
Bridge, or Clark and Nightingale at the Frying-Pan and Fish near New Coffee- 
House, depended almost wholly upon him for their stock; and his arrangements 
with the local distillers, the Narragansett dairymen and horse-breeders, and the 
Newport candle-makers, made him one of the prime exporters of the Colony. 

Ostracised though he was, he did not lack for civic spirit of a sort. When the 
Colony House burned down, he subscribed handsomely to the lotteries by which 
the new brick one - still standing at the head of its parade in the old main street - 
was built in 1761. In that same year, too, he helped rebuild the Great Bridge after 
the October gale. He replaced many of the books of the public library consumed 
in the Colony House fire, and bought heavily in the lottery that gave the muddy 
Market Parade and deep-rutted Town Street their pavement of great round 
stones with a brick footwalk or "causey" in the middle. About this time, also, he 



310 



built the plain but excellent new house whose doorway is still such a triumph of 
carving. When the Whitefield adherents broke off from Dr. Cotton's hill church 
in 1743 and founded Deacon Snow's church across the Bridge, Curwen had gone 
with them; though his zeal and attendance soon abated. Now, however, he 
cultivated piety once more; as if to dispel the shadow which had thrown him into 
isolation and would soon begin to wreck his business fortunes if not sharply 
checked. 



The sight of this strange, pallid man, hardly middle-aged in aspect yet certainly 
not less than a full century old, seeking at last to emerge from a cloud of fright 
and detestation too vague to pin down or analyse, was at once a pathetic, a 
dramatic, and a contemptible thing. Such is the power of wealth and of surface 
gestures, however, that there came indeed a slight abatement in the visible 
aversion displayed toward him; especially after the rapid disappearances of his 
sailors abruptly ceased. He must likewise have begun to practice an extreme care 
and secrecy in his graveyard expeditions, for he was never again caught at such 
wanderings; whilst the rumours of uncanny sounds and manoeuvres at his 
Pawtuxet farm diminished in proportion. His rate of food consumption and 
cattle replacement remained abnormally high; but not until modern times, when 
Charles Ward examined a set of his accounts and invoices in the Shepley Library, 
did it occur to any person - save one embittered youth, perhaps - to make dark 
comparisons between the large number of Guinea blacks he imported until 1766, 
and the disturbingly small number for whom he could produce bona fide bills of 
sale either to slave-dealers at the Great Bridge or to the planters of the 
Narragansett Country. Certainly, the cunning and ingenuity of this abhorred 
character were uncannily profound, once the necessity for their exercise had 
become impressed upon him. 

But of course the effect of all this belated mending was necessarily slight. 
Curwen continued to be avoided and distrusted, as indeed the one fact of his 
continued air of youth at a great age would have been enough to warrant; and he 
could see that in the end his fortunes would be likely to suffer. His elaborate 
studies and experiments, whatever they may have been, apparently required a 
heavy income for their maintenance; and since a change of environment would 
deprive him of the trading advantages he had gained, it would not have profited 
him to begin anew in a different region just then. Judgement demanded that he 
patch up his relations with the townsfolk of Providence, so that his presence 
might no longer be a signal for hushed conversation, transparent excuses or 
errands elsewhere, and a general atmosphere of constraint and uneasiness. His 
clerks, being now reduced to the shiftless and impecunious residue whom no 
one else would employ, were giving him much worry; and he held to his sea- 



311 



captains and mates only by shrewdness in gaining some kind of ascendancy over 
them - a mortgage, a promissory note, or a bit of information very pertinent to 
their welfare. In many cases, diarists have recorded with some awe, Curwen 
shewed almost the power of a wizard in unearthing family secrets for 
questionable use. During the final five years of his life it seemed as though only 
direct talks with the long-dead could possibly have furnished some of the data 
which he had so glibly at his tongue's end. 

About this time the crafty scholar hit upon a last desperate expedient to regain 
his footing in the community. Hitherto a complete hermit, he now determined to 
contract an advantageous marriage; securing as a bride some lady whose 
unquestioned position would make all ostracism of his home impossible. It may 
be that he also had deeper reasons for wishing an alliance; reasons so far outside 
the known cosmic sphere that only papers found a century and a half after his 
death caused anyone to suspect them; but of this nothing certain can ever be 
learned. Naturally he was aware of the horror and indignation with which any 
ordinary courtship of his would be received, hence he looked about for some 
likely candidate upon whose parents he might exert a suitable pressure. Such 
candidates, he found, were not at all easy to discover; since he had very 
particular requirements in the way of beauty, accomplishments, and social 
security. At length his survey narrowed down to the household of one of his best 
and oldest ship-captains, a widower of high birth and unblemished standing 
named Dutee Tillinghast, whose only daughter Eliza seemed dowered with 
every conceivable advantage save prospects as an heiress. Capt. Tillinghast was 
completely under the domination of Curwen; and consented, after a terrible 
interview in his cupolaed house on Power's Lane hill, to sanction the 
blasphemous alliance. 

Eliza Tillinghast was at that time eighteen years of age, and had been reared as 
gently as the reduced circumstances of her father permitted. She had attended 
Stephen Jackson's school opposite the Court-House Parade; and had been 
diligently instructed by her mother, before the latter's death of smallpox in 1757, 
in all the arts and refinements of domestic life. A sampler of hers, worked in 1753 
at the age of nine, may still be found in the rooms of the Rhode Island Historical 
Society. After her mother's death she had kept the house, aided only by one old 
black woman. Her arguments with her father concerning the proposed Curwen 
marriage must have been painful indeed; but of these we have no record. Certain 
it is that her engagement to young Ezra Weeden, second mate of the Crawford 
packet Enterprise, was dutifully broken off, and that her union with Joseph 
Curwen took place on the seventh of March, 1763, in the Baptist church, in the 
presence of the most distinguished assemblages which the town could boast; the 
ceremony being performed by the younger Samuel Winsor. The Gazette 
mentioned the event very briefly, and in most surviving copies the item in 



312 



question seems to be cut or torn out. Ward found a single intact copy after much 
search in the archives of a private collector of note, observing with amusement 
the meaningless urbanity of the language: 

'Monday evening last, Mr. Joseph Curwen, of this Town, Merchant, was married 
to Miss Eliza Tillinghast, Daughter of Capt. Dutee Tillinghast, a young Lady who 
has real Merit, added to a beautiful Person, to grace the connubial State and 
perpetuate its Felicity.' 

The collection of Durfee-Arnold letters, discovered by Charles Ward shortly 
before his first reputed madness in the private collection of Melville F. Peters, 
Esq., of George St., and covering this and a somewhat antecedent period, throws 
vivid light on the outrage done to public sentiment by this ill-assorted match. 
The social influence of the Tillinghasts, however, was not to be denied; and once 
more Joseph Curwen found his house frequented by persons whom he could 
never otherwise have induced to cross his threshold. His acceptance was by no 
means complete, and his bride was socially the sufferer through her forced 
venture; but at all events the wall of utter ostracism was somewhat torn down. In 
his treatment of his wife the strange bridegroom astonished both her and the 
community by displaying an extreme graciousness and consideration. The new 
house in Olney Court was now wholly free from disturbing manifestations, and 
although Curwen was much absent at the Pawtuxet farm which his wife never 
visited, he seemed more like a normal citizen than at any other time in his long 
years of residence. Only one person remained in open enmity with him, this 
being the youthful ship's officer whose engagement to Eliza Tillinghast had been 
so abruptly broken. Ezra Weeden had frankly vowed vengeance; and though of a 
quiet and ordinarily mild disposition, was now gaining a hate-bred, dogged 
purpose which boded no good to the usurping husband. 

On the seventh of May, 1765, Curwen's only child Ann was born; and was 
christened by the Rev. John Graves of King's Church, of which both husband and 
wife had become communicants shortly after their marriage, in order to 
compromise between their respective Congregational and Baptist affiliations. 
The record of this birth, as well as that of the marriage two years before, was 
stricken from most copies of the church and town annals where it ought to 
appear; and Charles Ward located both with the greatest difficulty after his 
discover of the widow's change of name had apprised him of his own 
relationship, and engendered the feverish interest which culminated in his 
madness. The birth entry, indeed, was found very curiously through 
correspondence with the heirs of the loyalist Dr. Graves, who had taken with 
him a duplicate set of records when he left his pastorate at the outbreak of the 
Revolution. Ward had tried this source because he knew that his great-great- 
grandmother Ann Tillinghast Potter had been an Episcopalian. 



313 



Shortly after the birth of his daughter, an event he seemed to welcome with a 
fervour greatly out of keeping with his usual coldness, Curwen resolved to sit for 
a portrait. This he had painted by a very gifted Scotsman named Cosmo 
Alexander, then a resident of Newport, and since famous as the early teacher of 
Gilbert Stuart. The likeness was said to have been executed on a wall-panel of the 
library of the house in Olney Court, but neither of the two old diaries mentioning 
it gave any hint of its ultimate disposition. At this period the erratic scholar 
shewed signs of unusual abstraction, and spent as much time as he possibly 
could at his farm on the Pawtuxet Road. He seemed, as was stated, in a condition 
of suppressed excitement or suspense; as if expecting some phenomenal thing or 
on the brink of some strange discovery. Chemistry or alchemy would appear to 
have played a great part, for he took from his house to the farm the greater 
number of his volumes on that subject. 

His affectation of civic interest did not diminish, and he lost no opportunities for 
helping such leaders as Stephen Hopkins, Joseph Brown, and Benjamin West in 
their efforts to raise the cultural tone of the town, which was then much below 
the level of Newport in its patronage of the liberal arts. He had helped Daniel 
Jenckes found his bookshop in 1763, and was thereafter his best customer; 
extending aid likewise to the struggling Gazette that appeared each Wednesday 
at the Sign of Shakespeare's Head. In politics he ardently supported Governor 
Hopkins against the Ward party whose prime strength was in Newport, and his 
really eloquent speech at Hacher's Hall in 1765 against the setting off of North 
Providence as a separate town with a pro-Ward vote in the General Assembly 
did more than any other thing to wear down the prejudice against him. But Ezra 
Weeden, who watched him closely, sneered cynically at all this outward activity; 
and freely swore it was no more than a mask for some nameless traffick with the 
blackest gulfs of Tartarus. The revengeful youth began a systematic study of the 
man and his doings whenever he was in port; spending hours at night by the 
wharves with a dory in readiness when he saw lights in the Curwen warehouses, 
and following the small boat which would sometimes steal quietly off and down 
the bay. He also kept as close a watch as possible on the Pawtuxet farm, and was 
once severely bitten by the dogs the old Indian couple loosed upon him. 



In 1766 came the final change in Joseph Curwen. It was very sudden, and gained 
wide notice amongst the curious townsfolk; for the air of suspense and 
expectancy dropped like an old cloak, giving instant place to an ill-concealed 
exaltation of perfect triumph. Curwen seemed to have difficulty in restraining 
himself from public harangues on what he had found or learned or made; but 
apparently the need of secrecy was greater than the longing to share his 
rejoicing, for no explanation was ever offered by him. It was after this transition. 



314 



which appears to have come early in July, that the sinister scholar began to 
astonish people by his possession of information which only their long-dead 
ancestors would seem to be able to impart. 

But Curwen's feverish secret activities by no means ceased with this change. On 
the contrary, they tended rather to increase; so that more and more of his 
shipping business was handled by the captains whom he now bound to him by 
ties of fear as potent as those of bankruptcy had been. He altogether abandoned 
the slave trade, alleging that its profits were constantly decreasing. Every 
possible moment was spent at the Pawtuxet farm; although there were rumours 
now and then of his presence in places which, though not actually near 
graveyards, were yet so situated in relation to graveyards that thoughtful people 
wondered just how thorough the old merchant's change of habits really was. 
Ezra Weeden, though his periods of espionage were necessarily brief and 
intermittent on account of his sea voyaging, had a vindictive persistence which 
the bulk of the practical townsfolk and farmers lacked; and subjected Curwen's 
affairs to a scrutiny such as they had never had before. 

Many of the odd manoeuvres of the strange merchant's vessels had been taken 
for granted on account of the unrest of the times, when every colonist seemed 
determined to resist the provisions of the Sugar Act which hampered a 
prominent traffick. Smuggling and evasion were the rule in Narragansett Bay, 
and nocturnal landings of illicit cargoes were continuous commonplaces. But 
Weeden, night after night following the lighters or small sloops which he saw 
steal off from the Curwen warehouses at the Town Street docks, soon felt 
assured that it was not merely His Majesty's armed ships which the sinister 
skulker was anxious to avoid. Prior to the change in 1766 these boats had for the 
most part contained chained negroes, who were carried down and across the bay 
and landed at an obscure point on the shore just north of Pawtuxet; being 
afterward driven up the bluff and across country to the Curwen farm, where 
they were locked in that enormous stone outbuilding which had only five high 
narrow slits for windows. After that change, however, the whole programme 
was altered. Importation of slaves ceased at once, and for a time Curwen 
abandoned his midnight sailings. Then, about the spring of 1767, a new policy 
appeared. Once more the lighters grew wont to put out from the black, silent 
docks, and this time they would go down the bay some distance, perhaps as far 
as Namquit Point, where they would meet and receive cargo from strange ships 
of considerable size and widely varied appearance. Curwen's sailors would then 
deposit this cargo at the usual point on the shore, and transport it overland to the 
farm; locking it in the same cryptical stone building which had formerly received 
the negroes. The cargo consisted almost wholly of boxes and cases, of which a 
large proportion were oblong and heavy and disturbingly suggestive of coffins. 



315 



Weeden always watched the farm with unremitting assiduity; visiting it each 
night for long periods, and seldom letting a week go by without a sight except 
when the ground bore a footprint-revealing snow. Even then he would often 
walk as close as possible in the travelled road or on the ice of the neighbouring 
river to see what tracks others might have left. Finding his own vigils interrupted 
by nautical duties, he hired a tavern companion named Eleazar Smith to 
continue the survey during his absence; and between them the two could have 
set in motion some extraordinary rumours. That they did not do so was only 
because they knew the effect of publicity would be to warn their quarry and 
make further progress impossible. Instead, they wished to learn something 
definite before taking any action. What they did learn must have been startling 
indeed, and Charles Ward spoke many times to his parents of his regret at 
Weeden's later burning of his notebooks. All that can be told of their discoveries 
is what Eleazar Smith jotted down in a non too coherent diary, and what other 
diarists and letter-writers have timidly repeated from the statements which they 
finally made - and according to which the farm was only the outer shell of some 
vast and revolting menace, of a scope and depth too profound and intangible for 
more than shadowy comprehension. 

It is gathered that Weeden and Smith became early convinced that a great series 
of tunnels and catacombs, inhabited by a very sizeable staff of persons besides 
the old Indian and his wife, underlay the farm. The house was an old peaked 
relic of the middle seventeenth century with enormous stack chimney and 
diamond-paned lattice windows, the laboratory being in a lean-to toward the 
north, where the roof came nearly to the ground. This building stood clear of any 
other; yet judging by the different voices heard at odd times within, it must have 
been accessible through secret passages beneath. These voices, before 1766, were 
mere mumblings and negro whisperings and frenzied screams, coupled with 
curious chants or invocations. After that date, however, they assumed a very 
singular and terrible cast as they ran the gamut betwixt dronings of dull 
acquiescence and explosions of frantic pain or fury, rumblings of conversations 
and whines of entreaty, pantings of eagerness and shouts of protest. They 
appeared to be in different languages, all known to Curwen, whose rasping 
accents were frequently distinguishable in reply, reproof, or threatening. 
Sometimes it seemed that several persons must be in the house; Curwen, certain 
captives, and the guards of those captives. There were voices of a sort that 
neither Weeden nor Smith had ever heard before despite their wide knowledge 
of foreign parts, and many that they did seem to place as belonging to this or that 
nationality. The nature of the conversations seemed always a kind of catechism, 
as if Curwen were extorting some sort of information from terrified or rebellious 
prisoners. 



316 



Weeden had many verbatim reports of overheard scraps in his notebook, for 
Enghsh, French, and Spanish, which he knew, were frequently used; but of these 
nothing has survived. He did, however, say that besides a few ghouhsh 
dialogues in which the past affairs of Providence families were concerned, most 
of the questions and answers he could understand were historical or scientific; 
occasionally pertaining to very remote places and ages. Once, for example, an 
alternately raging and sullen figure was questioned in French about the Black 
Prince's massacre at Limoges in 1370, as if there were some hidden reason which 
he ought to know. Curwen asked the prisoner - if prisoner he were - whether the 
order to slay was given because of the Sign of the Goat found on the altar in the 
ancient Roman crypt beneath the Cathedral, or whether the Dark Man of the 
Haute Vienne had spoken the Three Words. Failing to obtain replies, the 
inquisitor had seemingly resorted to extreme means; for there was a terrific 
shriek followed by silence and muttering and a bumping sound. 

None of these colloquies was ever ocularly witnessed, since the windows were 
always heavily draped. Once, though, during a discourse in an unknown tongue, 
a shadow was seen on the curtain which startled Weeden exceedingly; 
reminding him of one of the puppets in a show he had seen in the autumn of 
1764 in Hacher's Hall, when a man from Germantown, Pennsylvania, had given 
a clever mechanical spectacle advertised as 

'A View of the Famous City of Jerusalem, in which are represented Jerusalem, 
the Temple of Solomon, his Royal Throne, the noted Towers, and Hills, likewise 
the Suffering of Our Saviour from the Garden of Gethsemane to the Cross on the 
Hill of Golgotha; an artful piece of Statuary, Worthy to be seen by the Curious.' 

It was on this occasion that the listener, who had crept close to the window of the 
front room whence the speaking proceeded, gave a start which roused the old 
Indian pair and caused them to loose the dogs on him. After that no more 
conversations were ever heard in the house, and Weeden and Smith concluded 
that Curwen had transferred his field of action to regions below. 

That such regions in truth existed, seemed amply clear from many things. Faint 
cries and groans unmistakably came up now and then from what appeared to be 
the solid earth in places far from any structure; whilst hidden in the bushes along 
the river-bank in the rear, where the high ground sloped steeply down to the 
valley of the Pawtuxet, there was found an arched oaken door in a frame of 
heavy masonry, which was obviously an entrance to caverns within the hill. 
When or how these catacombs could have been constructed, Weeden was unable 
to say; but he frequently pointed out how easily the place might have been 
reached by bands of unseen workmen from the river. Joseph Curwen put his 
mongrel seamen to diverse uses indeed! During the heavy spring rains of 1769 



317 



the two watchers kept a sharp eye on the steep river-bank to see if any 
subterrene secrets might be washed to hght, and were rewarded by the sight of a 
profusion of both human and animal bones in places where deep gullies had 
been worn in the banks. Naturally there might be many explanations of such 
things in the rear of a stock farm, and a locality where old Indian bury-grounds 
were common, but Weeden and Smith drew their own inferences. 

It was in January 1770, whilst Weeden and Smith were still debating vainly on 
what, if anything, to think or do about the whole bewildering business, that the 
incident of the Fortaleza occurred. Exasperated by the burning of the revenue 
sloop Liberty at Newport during the previous summer, the customs fleet under 
Admiral Wallace had adopted an increased vigilance concerning strange vessels; 
and on this occasion His Majesty's armed schooner Cygnet, under Capt. Charles 
Leslie, captured after a short pursuit one early morning the scow Fortaleza of 
Barcelona, Spain, under Capt. Manuel Arruda, bound according to its log from 
Grand Cairo, Egypt, to Providence. When searched for contraband material, this 
ship revealed the astonishing fact that its cargo consisted exclusively of Egyptian 
mummies, consigned to "Sailor A. B. C", who would come to remove his goods 
in a lighter just off Namquit Point and whose identity Capt. Arruda felt himself 
in honour bound not to reveal. The Vice-Admiralty at Newport, at a loss what to 
do in view of the non-contraband nature of the cargo on the one hand and of the 
unlawful secrecy of the entry on the other hand, compromised on Collector 
Robinson's recommendation by freeing the ship but forbidding it a port in Rhode 
Island waters. There were later rumours of its having been seen in Boston 
Harbour, though it never openly entered the Port of Boston. 

This extraordinary incident did not fail of wide remark in Providence, and there 
were not many who doubted the existence of some connexion between the cargo 
of mummies and the sinister Joseph Curwen. His exotic studies and his curious 
chemical importations being common knowledge, and his fondness for 
graveyards being common suspicion; it did not take much imagination to link 
him with a freakish importation which could not conceivably have been destined 
for anyone else in the town. As if conscious of this natural belief, Curwen took 
care to speak casually on several occasions of the chemical value of the balsams 
found in mummies; thinking perhaps that he might make the affair seem less 
unnatural, yet stopping just short of admitting his participation. Weeden and 
Smith, of course, felt no doubt whatsoever of the significance of the thing; and 
indulged in the wildest theories concerning Curwen and his monstrous labours. 

The following spring, like that of the year before, had heavy rains; and the 
watchers kept careful track of the river-bank behind the Curwen farm. Large 
sections were washed away, and a certain number of bones discovered; but no 
glimpse was afforded of any actual subterranean chambers or burrows. 



318 



Something was rumoured, however, at the village of Pawtuxet about a mile 
below, where the river flows in falls over a rocky terrace to join the placed 
landlocked cove. There, where quaint old cottages climbed the hill from the 
rustic bridge, and fishing-smacks lay anchored at their sleepy docks, a vague 
report went round of things that were floating down the river and flashing into 
sight for a minute as they went over the falls. Of course the Pawtuxet in a long 
river which winds through many settled regions abounding in graveyards, and 
of course the spring rains had been very heavy; but the fisherfolk about the 
bridge did not like the wild way that one of the things stared as it shot down to 
the still waters below, or the way that another half cried out although its 
condition had greatly departed from that of objects which normally cried out. 
That rumour sent Smith - for Weeden was just then at sea - in haste to the river- 
bank behind the farm; where surely enough there remained the evidence of an 
extensive cave-in. There was, however, no trace of a passage into the steep bank; 
for the miniature avalanche had left behind a solid wall of mixed earth and 
shrubbery from aloft. Smith went to the extent of some experimental digging, but 
was deterred by lack of success - or perhaps by fear of possible success. It is 
interesting to speculate on what the persistent and revengeful Weeden would 
have done had he been ashore at the time. 



By the autumn of 1770 Weeden decided that the time was ripe to tell others of his 
discoveries; for he had a large number of facts to link together, and a second eye- 
witness to refute the possible charge that jealousy and vindictiveness had 
spurred his fancy. As his first confidant he selected Capt. James Mathewson of 
the Enterprise, who on the one hand knew him well enough not to doubt his 
veracity, and on the other hand was sufficiently influential in the town to be 
heard in turn with respect. The colloquy took place in an upper room of Sabin's 
Tavern near the docks, with Smith present to corroborate virtually every 
statement; and it could be seen that Capt. Mathewson was tremendously 
impressed. Like nearly everyone else in the town, he had had black suspicions of 
his own anent Joseph Curwen; hence it needed only this confirmation and 
enlargement of data to convince him absolutely. At the end of the conference he 
was very grave, and enjoined strict silence upon the two younger men. He 
would, he said, transmit the information separately to some ten or so of the most 
learned and prominent citizens of Providence; ascertaining their views and 
following whatever advice they might have to offer. Secrecy would probably be 
essential in any case, for this was no matter that the town constables or militia 
could cope with; and above all else the excitable crowd must be kept in 
ignorance, lest there be enacted in these already troublous times a repetition of 
that frightful Salem panic of less than a century before which had first brought 
Curwen hither. 



319 



The right persons to tell, he believed, would be Dr. Benjamin West, whose 
pamphlet on the late transit of Venus proved him a scholar and keen thinker; 
Rev. James Manning, President of the College which had just moved up from 
Warren and was temporarily housed in the new King Street schoolhouse 
awaiting the completion of its building on the hill above Presbyterian-Lane; ex- 
Governor Stephen Hopkins, who had been a member of the Philosophical 
Society at Newport, and was a man of very broad perceptions; John Carter, 
publisher of the Gazette; all four of the Brown brothers, John, Joseph, Nicholas, 
and Moses, who formed the recognised local magnates, and of whom Joseph was 
an amateur scientist of parts; old Dr. Jabez Bowen, whose erudition was 
considerable, and who had much first-hand knowledge of Curwen's odd 
purchases; and Capt. Abraham Whipple, a privateersman of phenomenal 
boldness and energy who could be counted on to lead in any active measures 
needed. These men, if favourable, might eventually be brought together for 
collective deliberation; and with them would rest the responsibility of deciding 
whether or not to inform the Governor of the Colony, Joseph Wanton of 
Newport, before taking action. 

The mission of Capt. Mathewson prospered beyond his highest expectations; for 
whilst he found one or two of the chosen confidants somewhat sceptical of the 
possible ghastly side of Weeden's tale, there was not one who did not think it 
necessary to take some sort of secret and coordinated action. Curwen, it was 
clear, formed a vague potential menace to the welfare of the town and Colony; 
and must be eliminated at any cost. Late in December 1770 a group of eminent 
townsmen met at the home of Stephen Hopkins and debated tentative measures. 
Weeden's notes, which he had given to Capt. Mathewson, were carefully read; 
and he and Smith were summoned to give testimony anent details. Something 
very like fear seized the whole assemblage before the meeting was over, though 
there ran through that fear a grim determination which Capt. Whipple's bluff 
and resonant profanity best expressed. They would not notify the Governor, 
because a more than legal course seemed necessary. With hidden powers of 
uncertain extent apparently at his disposal, Curwen was not a man who could 
safely be warned to leave town. Nameless reprisals might ensue, and even if the 
sinister creature complied, the removal would be no more than the shifting of an 
unclean burden to another place. The times were lawless, and men who had 
flouted the King's revenue forces for years were not the ones to balk at sterner 
things when duty impelled. Curwen must be surprised at his Pawtuxet farm by a 
large raiding-party of seasoned privateersmen and given one decisive chance to 
explain himself. If he proved a madman, amusing himself with shrieks and 
imaginary conversations in different voices, he would be properly confined. If 
something graver appeared, and if the underground horrors indeed turned out 
to be real, he and all with him must die. It could be done quietly, and even the 
widow and her father need not be told how it came about. 



320 



While these serious steps were under discussion there occurred in the town an 
incident so terrible and inexplicable that for a time little else was mentioned for 
miles around. In the middle of a moon-light January night with heavy snow 
underfoot there resounded over the river and up the hill a shocking series of 
cries which brought sleepy heads to every window; and people around 
Weybosset Point saw a great white thing plunging frantically along the badly 
cleared space in front of the Turk's Head. There was a baying of dogs in the 
distance, but this subsided as soon as the clamour of the awakened town became 
audible. Parties of men with lanterns and muskets hurried out to see what was 
happening, but nothing rewarded their search. The next morning, however, a 
giant, muscular body, stark naked, was found on the jams of ice around the 
southern piers of the Great Bridge, where the Long Dock stretched out beside 
Abbott's distil-house, and the identity of this object became a theme for endless 
speculation and whispering. It was not so much the younger as the older folk 
who whispered, for only in the patriarchs did that rigid face with horror-bulging 
eyes strike any chord of memory. They, shaking as they did so, exchanged 
furtive murmurs of wonder and fear; for in those stiff, hideous features lay a 
resemblance so marvellous as to be almost an identity - and that identity was 
with a man who had died full fifty years before. 

Ezra Weeden was present at the finding; and remembering the baying of the 
night before, set out along Weybosset Street and across Muddy Dock Bridge 
whence the sound had come. He had a curious expectancy, and was not 
surprised when, reaching the edge of the settled district where the street merged 
into the Pawtuxet Road, he came upon some very curious tracks in the snow. The 
naked giant had been pursued by dogs and many booted men, and the returning 
tracks of the hounds and their masters could be easily traced. They had given up 
the chase upon coming too near the town. Weeden smiled grimly, and as a 
perfunctory detail traced the footprints back to their source. It was the Pawtuxet 
farm of Joseph Curwen, as he well knew it would be; and he would have given 
much had the yard been less confusingly trampled. As it was, he dared not seem 
too interested in full daylight. Dr. Bowen, to whom Weeden went at once with 
his report, performed an autopsy on the strange corpse, and discovered 
peculiarities which baffled him utterly. The digestive tracts of the huge man 
seemed never to have been in use, whilst the whole skin had a coarse, loosely 
knit texture impossible to account for. Impressed by what the old men whispered 
of this body's likeness to the long-dead blacksmith Daniel Green, whose great- 
grandson Aaron Hoppin was a supercargo in Curwen's employ, Weeden asked 
casual questions till he found where Green was buried. That night a party of ten 
visited the old North Burying Ground opposite Herrenden's Lane and opened a 
grave. They found it vacant, precisely as they had expected. 



321 



Meanwhile arrangements had been made with the post riders to intercept Joseph 
Curwen's mail, and shortly before the incident of the naked body there was 
found a letter from one Jedediah Orne of Salem which made the cooperating 
citizens think deeply. Parts of it, copied and preserved in the private archives of 
the Smith family where Charles Ward found it, ran as follows. 

I delight that you continue in ye Gett'g at Olde Matters in your Way, and doe not 
think better was done at Mr. Hutchinson's in Salem- Village. Certainely, there 
was Noth'g but ye liveliest Awfulness in that which H. rais'd upp from What he 
cou'd gather onlie a part of. What you sente, did not Worke, whether because of 
Any Thing miss'g, or because ye Wordes were not Righte from my Speak'g or yr 
Copy'g. I alone am at a Loss. I have not ye Chymicall art to foUowe Borellus, and 
owne my Self confounded by ye VII. Booke of ye Necronomicon that you 
recommende. But I wou'd have you Observe what was told to us aboute tak'g 
Care whom to calle upp, for you are Sensible what Mr. Mather writ in ye 

Magnalia of , and can judge how truely that Horrendous thing is reported. I 

say to you againe, doe not call up Any that you can not put downe; by the Which 
I meane. Any that can in Turne call up Somewhat against you, whereby your 
PowerfuUest Devices may not be of use. Ask of the Lesser, lest the Greater shal 
not wish to Answer, and shal commande more than you. I was frighted when I 
read of your know'g what Ben Zariatnatmik hadde in his ebony Boxe, for I was 
conscious who must have tolde you. And againe I ask that you shalle write me as 
Jedediah and not Simon. In this Community a Man may not live too long, and 
you knowe my Plan by which I came back as my Son. I am desirous you will 
Acquaint me with what ye Black Man learnt from Sylvanus Cocidius in ye Vault, 
under ye Roman Wall, and will be oblig'd for ye lend'g of ye MS. you speak of. 

Another and unsigned letter from Philadelphia provoked equal thought, 
especially for the following passage: 

I will observe what you say respecting the sending of Accounts only by yr 
Vessels, but can not always be certain when to expect them. In the Matter spoke 
of, I require onlie one more thing; but wish to be sure I apprehend you exactly. 
You inform me, that no Part must be missing if the finest Effects are to be had, 
but you can not but know how hard it is to be sure. It seems a great Hazard and 
Burthen to take away the whole Box, and in Town (i.e. St. Peter's, St. Paul's, St. 
Mary's or Christ Church) it can scarce be done at all. But I know what 
Imperfections were in the one I rais'd up October last, and how many live 
Specimens you were forc'd to imploy before you hit upon the right Mode in the 
year 1766; so will be guided by you in all Matters. I am impatient for yr Brig, and 
inquire daily at Mr. Biddle's Wharf. 



322 



A third suspicious letter was in an unknown tongue and even an unknown 
alphabet. In the Smith diary found by Charles Ward a single oft-repeated 
combination of characters is clumsily copied; and authorities at Brown 
University have pronounced the alphabet Amharic or Abyssinian, although they 
do not recognise the word. None of these epistles was ever delivered to Curwen, 
though the disappearance of Jedediah Orne from Salem as recorded shortly 
afterward shewed that the Providence men took certain quiet steps. The 
Pennsylvania Historical Society also has some curious letters received by Dr. 
Shippen regarding the presence of an unwholesome character in Philadelphia. 
But more decisive steps were in the air, and it is in the secret assemblages of 
sworn and tested sailors and faithful old privateersmen in the Brown 
warehouses by night that we must look for the main fruits of Weeden's 
disclosures. Slowly and surely a plan of campaign was under development 
which would leave no trace of Joseph Curwen's noxious mysteries. 

Curwen, despite all precautions, apparently felt that something was in the wind; 
for he was now remarked to wear an unusually worried look. His coach was seen 
at all hours in the town and on the Pawtuxet Road, and he dropped little by little 
the air of forced geniality with which he had latterly sought to combat the town's 
prejudice. The nearest neighbours to his farm, the Fenners, one night remarked a 
great shaft of light shooting into the sky from some aperture in the roof of that 
cryptical stone building with the high, excessively narrow windows; an event 
which they quickly communicated to John Brown in Providence. Mr. Brown had 
become the executive leader of the select group bent on Curwen's extirpation, 
and had informed the Fenners that some action was about to be taken. This he 
deemed needful because of the impossibility of their not witnessing the final 
raid; and he explained his course by saying that Curwen was known to be a spy 
of the customs officers at Newport, against whom the hand of every Providence 
skipper, merchant, and farmer was openly or clandestinely raised. Whether the 
ruse was wholly believed by neighbours who had seen so many queer things is 
not certain; but at any rate the Fenners were willing to connect any evil with a 
man of such queer ways. To them Mr. Brown had entrusted the duty of watching 
the Curwen farmhouse, and of regularly reporting every incident which took 
place there. 



The probability that Curwen was on guard and attempting unusual things, as 
suggested by the odd shaft of light, precipitated at last the action so carefully 
devised by the band of serious citizens. According to the Smith diary a company 
of about 100 men met at 10 p.m. on Friday, April 12th, 1771, in the great room of 
Thurston's Tavern at the Sign of the Golden Lion on Weybosset Point across the 
Bridge. Of the guiding group of prominent men in addition to the leader John 



323 



Brown there were present Dr. Bowen, with his case of surgical instruments. 
President Manning without the great periwig (the largest in the Colonies) for 
which he was noted. Governor Hopkins, wrapped in his dark cloak and 
accompanied by his seafaring brother Esek, whom he had initiated at the last 
moment with the permission of the rest, John Carter, Capt. Mathewson, and 
Capt. Whipple, who was to lead the actual raiding party. These chiefs conferred 
apart in a rear chamber, after which Capt. Whipple emerged to the great room 
and gave the gathered seamen their last oaths and instructions. Eleazar Smith 
was with the leaders as they sat in the rear apartment awaiting the arrival of Ezra 
Weeden, whose duty was to keep track of Curwen and report the departure of 
his coach for the farm. 

About 10:30 a heavy rumble was heard on the Great Bridge, followed by the 
sound of a coach in the street outside; and at that hour there was no need of 
waiting for Weeden in order to know that the doomed man had set out for his 
last night of unhallowed wizardry. A moment later, as the receding coach 
clattered faintly over the Muddy Dock Bridge, Weeden appeared; and the raiders 
fell silently into military order in the street, shouldering the firelocks, fowling- 
pieces, or whaling harpoons which they had with them. Weeden and Smith were 
with the party, and of the deliberating citizens there were present for active 
service Capt. Whipple, the leader, Capt. Esek Hopkins, John Carter, President 
Manning, Capt. Mathewson, and Dr. Bowen; together with Moses Brown, who 
had come up at the eleventh hour though absent from the preliminary session in 
the tavern. All these freemen and their hundred sailors began the long march 
without delay, grim and a trifle apprehensive as they left the Muddy Dock 
behind and mounted the gentle rise of Broad Street toward the Pawtuxet Road. 
Just beyond Elder Snow's church some of the men turned back to take a parting 
look at Providence lying outspread under the early spring stars. Steeples and 
gables rose dark and shapely, and salt breezes swept up gently from the cove 
north of the Bridge. Vega was climbing above the great hill across the water, 
whose crest of trees was broken by the roof-line of the unfinished College edifice. 
At the foot of that hill, and along the narrow mounting lanes of its side, the old 
town dreamed; Old Providence, for whose safety and sanity so monstrous and 
colossal a blasphemy was about to be wiped out. 

An hour and a quarter later the raiders arrived, as previously agreed, at the 
Fenner farmhouse; where they heard a final report on their intended victim. He 
had reached his farm over half an hour before, and the strange light had soon 
afterward shot once more into the sky, but there were no lights in any visible 
windows. This was always the case of late. Even as this news was given another 
great glare arose toward the south, and the party realised that they had indeed 
come close to the scene of awesome and unnatural wonders. Capt. Whipple now 
ordered his force to separate into three divisions; one of twenty men under 



324 



Eleazar Smith to strike across to the shore and guard the landing-place against 
possible reinforcements for Curwen until summoned by a messenger for 
desperate service, a second of twenty men under Capt. Esek Hopkins to steal 
down into the river valley behind the Curwen farm and demolish with axes or 
gunpowder the oaken door in the high, steep bank, and the third to close in on 
the house and adjacent buildings themselves. Of this division one third was to be 
led by Capt. Mathewson to the cryptical stone edifice with high narrow 
windows, another third to follow Capt. Whipple himself to the main farmhouse, 
and the remaining third to preserve a circle around the whole group of buildings 
until summoned by a final emergency signal. 

The river party would break down the hillside door at the sound of a single 
whistle-blast, then wait and capture anything which might issue from the regions 
within. At the sound of two whistle-blasts it would advance through the 
aperture to oppose the enemy or join the rest of the raiding contingent. The party 
at the stone building would accept these respective signals in an analogous 
manner; forcing an entrance at the first, and at the second descending whatever 
passage into the ground might be discovered, and joining the general or focal 
warfare expected to take place within the caverns. A third or emergency signal of 
three blasts would summon the immediate reserve from its general guard duty; 
its twenty men dividing equally and entering the unknown depths through both 
farmhouse and stone building. Capt. Whipple's belief in the existence of 
catacombs was absolute, and he took no alternative into consideration when 
making his plans. He had with him a whistle of great power and shrillness, and 
did not fear any upsetting or misunderstanding of signals. The final reserve at 
the landing, of course, was nearly out of the whistle's range; hence would require 
a special messenger if needed for help. Moses Brown and John Carter went with 
Capt. Hopkins to the river-bank, while President Manning was detailed with 
Capt. Mathewson to the stone building. Dr. Bowen, with Ezra Weeden, remained 
in Capt. Whipple's party which was to storm the farmhouse itself. The attack was 
to begin as soon as a messenger from Capt. Hopkins had joined Capt. Whipple to 
notify him of the river party's readiness. The leader would then deliver the loud 
single blast, and the various advance parties would commence their 
simultaneous attack on three points. Shortly before 1 a.m. the three divisions left 
the Fenner farmhouse; one to guard the landing, another to seek the river valley 
and the hillside door, and the third to subdivide and attend to teh actual 
buildings of the Curwen farm. 

Eleazar Smith, who accompanied the shore-guarding party, records in his diary 
an uneventful march and a long wait on the bluff by the bay; broken once by 
what seemed to be the distant sound of the signal whistle and again by a peculiar 
muffled blend of roaring and crying and a powder blast which seemed to come 
from the same direction. Later on one man thought he caught some distant 



325 



gunshots, and still later Smith himself felt the throb of titanic and thunderous 
words resounding in upper air. It was just before dawn that a single haggard 
messenger with wild eyes and a hideous unknown odour about his clothing 
appeared and told the detachment to disperse quietly to their homes and never 
again think or speak of the night's doings or of him who had been Joseph 
Curwen. Something about the bearing of the messenger carried a conviction 
which his mere words could never have conveyed; for though he was a seaman 
well known to many of them, there was something obscurely lost or gained in his 
soul which set him for evermore apart. It was the same later on when they met 
other old companions who had gone into that zone of horror. Most of them had 
lost or gained something imponderable and indescribable. They had seen or 
heard or felt something which was not for human creatures, and could not forget 
it. From them there was never any gossip, for to even the commonest of mortal 
instincts there are terrible boundaries. And from that single messenger the party 
at the shore caught a nameless awe which almost sealed their own lips. Very few 
are the rumours which ever came from any of them, and Eleazar Smith's diary is 
the only written record which has survived from that whole expedition which set 
forth from the Sign of the Golden Lion under the stars. 

Charles Ward, however, discovered another vague sidelight in some Fenner 
correspondence which he found in New London, where he knew another branch 
of the family had lived. It seems that the Fenners, from whose house the doomed 
farm was distantly visible, had watched the departing columns of raiders; and 
had heard very clearly the angry barking of the Curwen dogs, followed by the 
first shrill blast which precipitated the attack. This blast had been followed by a 
repetition of the great shaft of light from the stone building, and in another 
moment, after a quick sounding of the second signal ordering a general invasion, 
there had come a subdued prattle of musketry followed by a horrible roaring cry 
which the correspondent Luke Fenner had represented in his epistle by the 
characters 'Waaaahrrrrr-R'waaahrrr.' 

This cry, however, had possessed a quality which no mere writing could convey, 
and the correspondent mentions that his mother fainted completely at the sound. 
It was later repeated less loudly, and further but more muffled evidences of 
gunfire ensued; together with a loud explosion of powder from the direction of 
the river. About an hour afterward all the dogs began to bark frightfully, and 
there were vague ground rumblings so marked that the candlesticks tottered on 
the mantelpiece. A strong smell of sulphur was noted; and Luke Tenner's father 
declared that he heard the third or emergency whistle signal, though the others 
failed to detect it. Muffled musketry sounded again, followed by a deep scream 
less piercing but even more horrible than the those which had preceded it; a kind 
of throaty, nastily plastic cough or gurgle whose quality as a scream must have 



326 



come more from its continuity and psychological import than from its actual 
acoustic value. 

Then the flaming thing burst into sight at a point where the Curwen farm ought 
to lie, and the human cries of desperate and frightened men were heard. Muskets 
flashed and cracked, and the flaming thing fell to the ground. A second flaming 
thing appeared, and a shriek of human origin was plainly distinguished. Fenner 
wrote that he could even gather a few words belched in frenzy: Almighty, 
protect thy lamb! Then there were more shots, and the second flaming thing fell. 
After that came silence for about three-quarters of an hour; at the end of which 
time little Arthur Fenner, Luke's brother, exclaimed that he saw "a red fog" 
going up to the stars from the accursed farm in the distance. No one but the child 
can testify to this, but Luke admits the significant coincidence implied by the 
panic of almost convulsive fright which at the same moment arched the backs 
and stiffened the fur of the three cats then within the room. 

Five minutes later a chill wind blew up, and the air became suffused with an 
intolerable stench that only the strong freshness of the sea could have prevented 
its being notice by the shore party or by any wakeful souls in the Pawtuxet 
village. This stench was nothing which any of the Tenners had ever encountered 
before, and produced a kind of clutching, amorphous fear beyond that of the 
tomb or the charnel-house. Close upon it came the awful voice which no hapless 
hearer will ever be able to forget. It thundered out of the sky like a doom, and 
windows rattled as its echoes died away. It was deep and musical; powerful as a 
bass organ, but evil as the forbidden books of the Arabs. What it said no man can 
tell, for it spoke in an unknown tongue, but this is the writing Luke Fenner set 
down to portray the daemoniac intonations: 'DEESMEES JESHET BONE 
DOSEFE DUVEMA ENITEMOSS.' Not till the year 1919 did any soul link this 
crude transcript with anything else in mortal knowledge, but Charles Ward 
paled as he recognised what Mirandola had denounced in shudders as the 
ultimate horror among black magic's incantations. 

An unmistakable human shout or deep chorused scream seemed to answer this 
malign wonder from the Curwen farm, after which the unknown stench grew 
complex with an added odour equally intolerable. A wailing distinctly different 
from the scream now burst out, and was protracted ululantly in rising and falling 
paroxysms. At times it became almost articulate, though no auditor could trace 
any definite words; and at one point it seemed to verge toward the confines of 
diabolic and hysterical laughter. Then a yell of utter, ultimate fright and stark 
madness wrenched from scores of human throats - a yell which came strong and 
clear despite the depth from which it must have burst; after which darkness and 
silence ruled all things. Spirals of acrid smoke ascended to blot out the stars. 



327 



though no flames appeared and no buildings were observed to be gone or 
injured on the following day. 

Toward dawn two frightened messengers with monstrous and unplaceable 
odours saturating their clothing knocked at the Fenner door and requested a keg 
of rum, for which they paid very well indeed. One of them told the family that 
the affair of Joseph Curwen was over, and that the events of the night were not to 
be mentioned again. Arrogant as the order seemed, the aspect of him who gave it 
took away all resentment and lent it a fearsome authority; so that only these 
furtive letters of Luke Fenner, which he urged his Connecticut relative to 
destroy, remain to tell what was seen and heard. The non-compliance of that 
relative, whereby the letters were saved after all, has alone kept the matter from 
a merciful oblivion. Charles Ward had one detail to add as a result of a long 
canvass of Pawtuxet residents for ancestral traditions. Old Charles Slocum of that 
village said that there was known to his grandfather a queer rumour concerning 
a charred, distorted body found in the fields a week after the death of Joseph 
Curwen was announced. What kept the talk alive was the notion that this body, 
so far as could be seen in its burnt and twisted condition, was neither thoroughly 
human nor wholly allied to any animal which Pawtuxet folk had ever seen or 
read about. 



Not one man who participated in that terrible raid could ever be induced to say a 
word concerning it, and every fragment of the vague data which survives comes 
from those outside the final fighting party. There is something frightful in the 
care with which these actual raiders destroyed each scrap which bore the least 
allusion to the matter. Eight sailors had been killed, but although their bodies 
were not produced their families were satisfied with the statement that a clash 
with customs officers had occurred. The same statement also covered the 
numerous cases of wounds, all of which were extensively bandaged and treated 
only by Dr. Jabez Bowen, who had accompanied the party. Hardest to explain 
was the nameless odour clinging to all the raiders, a thing which was discussed 
for weeks. Of the citizen leaders, Capt. Whipple and Moses Brown were most 
severely hurt, and letters of their wives testify the bewilderment which their 
reticence and close guarding of their bandages produced. Psychologically every 
participant was aged, sobered, and shaken. It is fortunate that they were all 
strong men of action and simple, orthodox religionists, for with more subtle 
introspectiveness and mental complexity they would have fared ill indeed. 
President Manning was the most disturbed; but even he outgrew the darkest 
shadow, and smothered memories in prayers. Every man of those leaders had a 
stirring part to play in later years, and it is perhaps fortunate that this is so. Little 
more than a twelvemonth afterward Capt. Whipple led the mob who burnt the 



328 



revenue ship Gaspee, and in this bold act we may trace one step in the blotting 
out of unwholesome images. 

There was delivered to the widow of Joseph Curwen a sealed leaden coffin of 
curious design, obviously found ready on the spot when needed, in which she 
was told her husband's body lay. He had, it was explained, been killed in a 
customs battle about which it was not politic to give details. More than this no 
tongue ever uttered of Joseph Curwen's end, and Charles Ward had only a single 
hint wherewith to construct a theory. This hint was the merest thread - a shaky 
underscoring of a passage in Jedediah Orne's confiscated letter to Curwen, as 
partly copied in Ezra Weeden's handwriting. The copy was found in the 
possession of Smith's descendants; and we are left to decide whether Weeden 
gave it to his companion after the end, as a mute clue to the abnormality which 
had occurred, or whether, as is more probable. Smith had it before, and added 
the underscoring himself from what he had managed to extract from his friend 
by shrewd guessing and adroit cross-questioning. The underlined passage is 
merely this: 

I say to you againe, doe not call up Any that you can not put downe; by the 
Which I meane. Any that can in Turne call up Somewhat against you, whereby 
your Powerfullest Devices may not be of use. Ask of the Lesser, lest the Greater 
shal not wish to Answer, and shal commande more than you. 

In the light of this passage, and reflecting on what last unmentionable allies a 
beaten man might try to summon in his direst extremity, Charles Ward may well 
have wondered whether any citizen of Providence killed Joseph Curwen. 

The deliberate effacement of every memory of the dead man from Providence life 
and annals was vastly aided by the influence of the raiding leaders. They had not 
at first meant to be so thorough, and had allowed the widow and her father and 
child to remain in ignorance of the true conditions; but Capt. Tillinghast was an 
astute man, and soon uncovered enough rumours to whet his horror and cause 
him to demand that the daughter and granddaughter change their name, burn 
the library and all remaining papers, and chisel the inscription from the slate slab 
above Joseph Curwen's grave. He knew Capt. Whipple well, and probably 
extracted more hints from that bluff mariner and anyone else ever gained 
repecting the end of the accursed sorcerer. 

From that time on the obliteration of Curwen's memory became increasingly 
rigid, extending at last by common consent even to the town records and files of 
the Gazette. It can be compared in spirit only to the hush that lay on Oscar 
Wilde's name for a decade after his disgrace, and in extent only to the fate of that 



329 



sinful King of Runazar in Lord Dunsany's tale, whom the Gods decided must not 
only cease to be, but must cease ever to have been. 

Mrs. Tillinghast, as the widow became known after 1772, sold the house in Olney 
Court and resided with her father in Power's Lane till her death in 1817. The 
farm at Pawtuxet, shunned by every living soul, remained to moulder through 
the years; and seemed to decay with unaccountable rapidity. By 1780 only the 
stone and brickwork were standing, and by 1800 even these had fallen to 
shapeless heaps. None ventured to pierce the tangled shrubbery on the river- 
bank behind which the hillside door may have lain, nor did any try to frame a 
definite image of the scenes amidst which Joseph Curwen departed from the 
horrors he had wrought. 

Only robust old Capt. Whipple was heard by alert listeners to mutter once in a 

while to himself, "Pox on that , but he had no business to laugh while he 

screamed. 'Twas as though the damn'd had some'at up his sleeve. For half a 

crown I'd burn his home.' 

III. A Search and an Evocation 



Charles Ward, as we have seen, first learned in 1918 of his descent from Joseph 
Curwen. That he at once took an intense interest in everything pertaining to the 
bygone mystery is not to be wondered at; for every vague rumour that he had 
heard of Curwen now became something vital to himself, in whom flowed 
Curwen's blood. No spirited and imaginative genealogist could have done 
otherwise than begin forthwith an avid and systematic collection of Curwen 
data. 

In his first delvings there was not the slightest attempt at secrecy; so that even 
Dr. Lyman hesitates to date the youth's madness from any period before the 
close of 1919. He talked freely with his family - though his mother was not 
particularly pleased to own an ancestor like Curwen - and with the officials of 
the various museums and libraries he visited. In applying to private families for 
records thought to be in their possession he made no concealment of his object, 
and shared the somewhat amused scepticism with which the accounts of the old 
diarists and letter-writers were regarded. He often expressed a keen wonder as 
to what really had taken place a century and a half before at the Pawtuxet 
farmhouse whose site he vainly tried to find, and what Joseph Curwen really had 
been. 



330 



When he came across the Smith diary and archives and encountered the letter 
from Jedediah Orne he decided to visit Salem and look up Curwen's early 
activities and connexions there, which he did during the Easter vacation of 1919. 
At the Essex Institute, which was well known to him from former sojourns in the 
glamorous old town of crumbling Puritan gables and clustered gambrel roofs, he 
was very kindly received, and unearthed there a considerable amount of Curwen 
data. He found that his ancestor was born in Salem-Village, now Danvers, seven 
miles from town, on the eighteenth of February (O.S.) 1662-3; and that he had run 
away to sea at the age of fifteen, not appearing again for nine years, when he 
returned with the speech, dress, and manners of a native Englishman and settled 
in Salem proper. At that time he had little to do with his family, but spent most 
of his hours with the curious books he had brought from Europe, and the strange 
chemicals which came for him on ships from England, France, and Holland. 
Certain trips of his into the country were the objects of much local 
inquisitiveness, and were whisperingly associated with vague rumours of fires 
on the hills at night. 

Curwen's only close friends had been one Edward Hutchinson of Salem-Village 
and one Simon Orne of Salem. With these men he was often seen in conference 
about the Common, and visits among them were by no means infrequent. 
Hutchinson had a house well out toward the woods, and it was not altogether 
liked by sensitive people because of the sounds heard there at night. He was said 
to entertain strange visitors, and the lights seen from his windows were not 
always of the same colour. The knowledge he displayed concerning long-dead 
persons and long-forgotten events was considered distinctly unwholesome, and 
he disappeared about the time the witchcraft panic began, never to be heard 
from again. At that time Joseph Curwen also departed, but his settlement in 
Providence was soon learned of. Simon Orne lived in Salem until 1720, when his 
failure to grow visibly old began to excite attention. He thereafter disappeared, 
though thirty years later his precise counterpart and self-styled son turned up to 
claim his property. The claim was allowed on the strength of documents in 
Simon Orne's known hand, and Jedediah Orne continued to dwell in Salem till 
1771, when certain letters from Providence citizens to the Rev. Thomas Barnard 
and others brought about his quiet removal to parts unknown. 

Certain documents by and about all of the strange characters were available at 
teh Essex Institute, the Court House, and the Registry of Deeds, and included 
both harmless commonplaces such as land titles and bills of sale, and furtive 
fragments of a more provocative nature. There were four or five unmistakable 
allusions to them on the witchcraft trial records; as when one Hepzibah Lawson 
swore on July 10, 1692, at the Court of Oyer and Terminer under Judge 
Hathorne, that: 'fortie Witches and the Blacke Man were wont to meete in the 
Woodes behind Mr. Hutchinson's house', and one Amity How declared at a 



331 



session of August 8th before Judge Gedney that:'Mr. G. B. (Rev. George 
Burroughs) on that Nighte putt ye Divell his Marke upon Bridget S., Jonathan A., 
Simon O., Dehverance W., Joseph C, Susan P., Mehitable C, and Deborah B.' 

Then there was a catalogue of Hutchinson's uncanny Hbrary as found after his 
disappearance, and an unfinished manuscript in his handwriting, couched in a 
cipher none could read. Ward had a photostatic copy of this manuscript made, 
and began to work casually on the cipher as soon as it was delivered to him. 
After the following August his labours on the cipher became intense and 
feverish, and there is reason to believe from his speech and conduct that he hit 
upon the key before October or November. He never stated, though, whether or 
not he had succeeded. 

But of greatest immediate interest was the Orne material. It took Ward only a 
short time to prove from identity of penmanship a thing he had already 
considered established from the text of the letter to Curwen; namely, that Simon 
Orne and his supposed son were one and the same person. As Orne had said to 
his correspondent, it was hardly safe to live too long in Salem, hence he resorted 
to a thirty -year sojourn abroad, and did not return to claim his lands except as a 
representative of a new generation. Orne had apparently been careful to destroy 
most of his correspondence, but the citizens who took action in 1771 found and 
preserved a few letters and papers which excited their wonder. There were 
cryptic formulae and diagrams in his and other hands which Ward now either 
copied with care or had photographed, and one extremely mysterious letter in a 
chirography that the searcher recognised from items in the Registry of Deeds as 
positively Joseph Curwen's. 

This Curwen letter, though undated as to the year, was evidently not the one in 
answer to which Orne had written the confiscated missive; and from internal 
evidence Ward placed it not much later than 1750. It may not be amiss to give the 
text in full, as a sample of the style of one whose history was so dark and terrible. 
The recipient is addressed as "Simon", but a line (whether drawn by Curwen or 
Orne Ward could not tell) is run through the word. 

Providence, 1. May 

Brother:- 

My honour'd Antient Friende, due Respects and earnest Wishes to Him whom 
we serue for yr eternall Power. I am just come upon That which you ought to 
knowe, concern'g the Matter of the Laste Extremitie and what to doe regard'g yt. 
I am not dispos'd to foUowe you in go'g Away on acct. of my Yeares, for 
Prouidence hath not ye Sharpeness of ye Bay in hunt'g oute uncommon Things 



332 



and bringinge to Tryall. I am ty'd up in Shippes and Goodes, and cou'd not doe 
as you did, besides the Whiche my Farme at Patuxet hath under it What you 
Knowe, and wou'd not waite for my com'g Backe as an Other. 

But I am unreadie for harde Fortunes, as I haue tolde you, and haue longe 
work'd upon ye Way of get'g Backe after ye Laste. I laste Night strucke on ye 
Wordes that bringe up YOGGE-SOTHOTHE, and sawe for ye first Time that 

Face spoke of by Ibn Schacabao in ye . And IT said, that ye III Psalme in ye 

Liber-Damnatus holdes ye Clauicle. With Sunne in V House, Saturne in Trine, 
drawe ye Pentagram of Fire, and saye ye ninth Uerse thrice. This Uerse repeate 
eache Roodemas and Hallow's Eue; and ye Thing will breede in ye Outside 
Spheres. 

And of ye Seede of Olde shal One be borne who shal looke Backe, tho' know'g 
not what he seekes. 

Yett will this auaile Nothing if there be no Heir, and if the Saltes, or the Way to 
make the Saltes, bee not Readie for his Hande; and here I will owne, I haue not 
taken needed Stepps nor founde Much. Ye Process is plaguy harde to come 
neare; and it used up such a Store of Specimens, I am harde putte to it to get 
Enough, notwithstand'g the Sailors I haue from ye Indies. Ye People aboute are 
become curious, but I can stande them off. Ye Gentry are worse that the 
Populace, be'g more Circumstantiall in their Accts. and more belieu'd in what 
they tell. That Parson and Mr. Merritt haue talk'd Some, I am fearfuU, but no 
Thing soe far is Dangerous. Ye Chymical Substances are easie of get'g, there be'g 
II. goode Chymists in Towne, Dr, Bowen and Sam: Carew. I am foll'g oute what 
Borellus saith, and haue Helpe in Abdool Al-Hazred his VII. Booke. Whateuer I 
gette, you shal haue. And in ye meane while, do not neglect to make use of ye 
Wordes I haue here giuen. I haue them Righte, but if you Desire to see HIM, 

imploy the Writings on ye Piece of that I am putt'g in this Packet. Saye ye 

Uerses euery Roodmas and Hallow's Eue; and if ye Line runn out not, one shal 
bee in yeares to come that shal looke backe and use what Saltes or Stuff for Saltes 
you shal leaue him. Job XIV. XIV. 

I rejoice you are again at Salem, and hope I may see you not longe hence. I haue a 
goode Stallion, and am think'g of get'g a Coach, there be'g one (Mr. Merritt's) in 
Prouidence already, tho' ye Roades are bad. If you are dispos'd to Trauel, doe 
not pass me bye. From Boston take ye Post Rd. thro' Dedham, Wrentham, and 
Attleborough, goode Tauerns be'g at all these Townes. Stop at Mr. Balcom's in 
Wrentham, where ye Beddes are finer than Mr. Hatch's, but eate at ye other 
House for their Cooke is better. Turne into Prou. by Patucket Falls, and ye Rd. 
past Mr. Sayles's Tauern. My House opp. Mr. Epenetus Olney's Tauern off ye 



333 



Towne Street, 1st on ye N. side of Olney's Court. Distance from Boston Stone abt. 
XLIV Miles. 

Sir, I am ye olde and true Friend and Serut. in Almonsin-Metraton. 

Josephus C. 

To Mr. Simon Orne, 

William 's-Lane, in Salem. 

This letter, oddly enough, was what first gave Ward the exact location of 
Curwen's Providence home; for none of the records encountered up to that time 
had been at all specific. The discovery was doubly striking because it indicated as 
the newer Curwen house, built in 1761 on the site of the old, a dilapidated 
building still standing in Olney Court and well known to Ward in his 
antiquarian rambles over Stampers' Hill. The place was indeed only a few 
squares from his own home on the great hill's higher ground, and was now the 
abode of a negro family much esteemed for occasional washing, housecleaning, 
and furnace-tending services. To find, in distant Salem, such sudden proof of the 
significance of this familiar rookery in his own family history, was a highly 
impressive thing to Ward; and he resolved to explore the place immediately 
upon his return. The more mystical phases of the letter, which he took to be some 
extravagant kind of symbolism, frankly baffled him; though he noted with a 
thrill of curiousity that the Biblical passage referred to - Job 14,14 - was the 
familiar verse, 'If a man die, shall he live again? All the days of my appointed 
time will I wait, until my change come.' 



Young Ward came home in a state of pleasant excitement, and spent the 
following Saturday in a long and exhaustive study of the house in Olney Court. 
The place, now crumbling with age, had never been a mansion; but was a modest 
two-and-a-half story wooden town house of the familiar Providence colonial 
type, with plain peaked roof, large central chimney, and artistically carved 
doorway with rayed fanlight, triangular pediment, and trim Doric pilasters. It 
had suffered but little alteration externally, and Ward felt he was gazing on 
something very close to the sinister matters of his quest. 

The present negro inhabitants were known to him, and he was very courteously 
shewn about the interior by old Asa and his stout wife Hannah. Here there was 
more change than the outside indicated, and Ward saw with regret that fully half 
of the fine scroll-and-urn overmantels and shell-carved cupboard linings were 
gone, whilst most of the fine wainscotting and bolection moulding was marked. 



334 



hacked, and gouged, or covered up altogether with cheap wall-paper. In general, 
the survey did not yield as much as Ward had somehow expected; but it was at 
least exciting to stand within the ancestral walls which had housed such a man of 
horror as Joseph Curwen. He saw with a thrill that a monogram had been very 
carefully effaced from the ancient brass knocker. 

From then until after the close of school Ward spent his time on the photostatic 
copy of the Hutchinson cipher and the accumulation of local Curwen data. The 
former still proved unyielding; but of the latter he obtained so much, and so 
many clues to similar data elsewhere, that he was ready by July to make a trip to 
New London and New York to consult old letters whose presence in those places 
was indicated. This trip was very fruitful, for it brought him the Tenner letters 
with their terrible description of the Pawtuxet farmhouse raid, and the 
Nightingale-Talbot letters in which he learned of the portrait painted on a panel 
of the Curwen library. This matter of the portrait interested him particularly, 
since he would have given much to know just what Joseph Curwen looked like; 
and he decided to make a second search of the house in Olney Court to see if 
there might not be some trace of the ancient features beneath peeling coats of 
later paint or layers of mouldy wall-paper. 

Early in August that search took place, and Ward went carefully over the walls 
of every room sizeable enough to have been by any possibility the library of the 
evil builder. He paid especial attention to the large panels of such overmantels as 
still remained; and was keenly excited after about an hour, when on a broad area 
above the fireplace in a spacious ground-floor room he became certain that the 
surface brought out by the peeling of several coats of paint was sensibly darker 
than any ordinary interior paint or the wood beneath it was likely to have been. 
A few more careful tests with a thin knife, and he knew that he had come upon 
an oil portrait of great extent. With truly scholarly restraint the youth did not risk 
the damage which an immediate attempt to uncover the hidden picture with the 
knife might have been, but just retired from the scene of his discovery to enlist 
expert help. In three days he returned with an artist of long experience, Mr. 
Walter C. Dwight, whose studio is near the foot of College Hill; and that 
accomplished restorer of paintings set to work at once with proper methods and 
chemical substances. Old Asa and his wife were duly excited over their strange 
visitors, and were properly reimbursed for this invasion of their domestic hearth. 

As day by the day the work of restoration progressed, Charles Ward looked on 
with growing interest at the lines and shades gradually unveiled after their long 
oblivion. Dwight had begun at the bottom; hence since the picture was a three- 
quarter-length one, the face did not come out for some time. It was meanwhile 
seen that the subject was a spare, well-shaped man with dark-blue coat, 
embroidered waistcoat, black satin small-clothes, and white silk stockings, seated 



335 



in a carved chair against the background of a window with wharves and ships 
beyond. When the head came out it was observed to bear a neat Albemarle wig, 
and to possess a thin, calm, undistinguished face which seemed somehow 
familiar to both Ward and the artist. Only at the very last, though, did the 
restorer and his client begin to grasp with astonishment at the details of that lean, 
pallid visage, and to recognise with a touch of awe the dramatic trick which 
heredity had played. For it took the final bath of oil and the final stroke of the 
delicate scraper to bring out fully the expression which centuries had hidden; 
and to confront the bewildered Charles Dexter Ward, dweller in the past, with 
his own living features in the countenance of his horrible great-great-great- 
grandfather. 

Ward brought his parents to see the marvel he had uncovered, and his father at 
once determined to purchase the picture despite its execution on stationary 
panelling. The resemblance to the boy, despite an appearance of rather great age, 
was marvellous; and it could be seen that through some trick of atavism the 
physical contours of Joseph Curwen had found precise duplication after a 
century and a half. Mrs. Ward's resemblance to her ancestor was not at all 
marked, though she could recall relatives who had some of the facial 
characteristics shared by her son and by the bygone Curwen. She did not relish 
the discovery, and told her husband that he had better burn the picture instead 
of bringing it home. There was, she averred, something unwholesome about it; 
not only intrinsically, but in its very resemblance to Charles. Mr. Ward, however, 
was a practical man of power and affairs - a cotton manufacturer with extensive 
mills at Riverpoint in the Pawtuxet Valley - and not one to listen to feminine 
scruples. The picture impressed him mightily with its likeness to his son, and he 
believed the boy deserved it as a present. In this opinion, it is needless to say, 
Charles most heartily concurred; and a few days later Mr. Ward located the 
owner of the house - a small rodent-featured person with a guttural accent - and 
obtained the whole mantel and overmantel bearing the picture at a curtly fixed 
price which cut short the impending torrent of unctuous haggling. 

It now remained to take off the panelling and remove it to the Ward home, 
where provisions were made for its thorough restoration and installation with an 
electric mock-fireplace in Charles's third-floor study or library. To Charles was 
left the task of superintending this removal, and on the twenty -eighth of August 
he accompanied two expert workmen from the Crooker decorating firm to the 
house in Olney Court, where the mantel and portrait-bearing overmantel were 
detached with great care and precision for transportation in the company's 
motor truck. There was left a space of exposed brickwork marking the chimney's 
course, and in this young Ward observed a cubical recess about a foot square, 
which must have lain directly behind the head of the portrait. Curious as to what 
such a space might mean or contain, the youth approached and looked within; 



336 



finding beneath the deep coatings of dust and soot some loose yellowed papers, 
a crude, thick copybook, and a few mouldering textile shreds which may have 
formed the ribbon binding the rest together. Blowing away the bulk of the dirt 
and cinders, he took up the book and looked at the bold inscription on its cover. 
It was in a hand which he had learned to recognise at the Essex Institute, and 
proclaimed the volume as the 'Journall and Notes of Jos: Curwen, Gent, of 
Prouidence-Plantations, Late of Salem.' 

Excited beyond measure by his discovery. Ward shewed the book to the two 
curious workmen beside him. Their testimony is absolute as to the nature and 
genuineness of the finding, and Dr. Willett relies on them to help establish his 
theory that the youth was not mad when he began his major eccentricities. All 
the other papers were likewise in Curwen's handwriting, and one of them 
seemed especially portentous because of its inscription: 'To Him Who Shal Come 
After, & How He May Gett Beyonde Time & Ye Spheres.' 

Another was in a cipher; the same. Ward hoped, as the Hutchinson cipher which 
had hitherto baffled him. A third, and here the searcher rejoiced, seemed to be a 
key to the cipher; whilst the fourth and fifth were addressed respectively 
to:'Edw: Hutchinson, Armiger' and Jedediah Orne, esq.', 'or Their Heir or Heirs, 
or Those Represent'g Them.' The sixth and last was inscribed: 'Joseph Curwen 
his Life and Travells Bet'n ye yeares 1678 and 1687: Of Whither He Voyag'd, 
Where He Stay'd, Whom He Sawe, and What He Learnt.' 



We have now reached the point from which the more academic school of 
alienists date Charles Ward's madness. Upon his discovery the youth had looked 
immediately at a few of the inner pages of the book and manuscripts, and had 
evidently seen something which impressed him tremendously. Indeed, in 
shewing the titles to the workmen, he appeared to guard the text itself with 
peculiar care, and to labour under a perturbation for which even the antiquarian 
and genealogical significance of the find could hardly account. Upon returning 
home he broke the news with an almost embarrassed air, as if he wished to 
convey an idea of its supreme importance without having to exhibit the evidence 
itself. He did not even shew the titles to his parents, but simply told them that he 
had found some documents in Joseph Curwen's handwriting, 'mostly in cipher', 
which would have to be studied very carefully before yielding up their true 
meaning. It is unlikely that he would have shewn what he did to the workmen, 
had it not been for their unconcealed curiousity. As it was he doubtless wished to 
avoid any display of peculiar reticence which would increase their discussion of 
the matter. 



337 



That night Charles Ward sat up in his room reading the new-found book and 
papers, and when day came he did not desist. His meals, on his urgent request 
when his mother called to see what was amiss, were sent up to him; and in the 
afternoon he appeared only briefly when the men came to install the Curwen 
picture and mantelpiece in his study. The next night he slept in snatches in his 
clothes, meanwhile wrestling feverishly with the unravelling of the cipher 
manuscript. In the morning his mother saw that he was at work on the 
photostatic copy of the Hutchinson cipher, which he had frequently shewn her 
before; but in response to her query he said that the Curwen key could not be 
applied to it. That afternoon he abandoned his work and watched the men 
fascinatedly as they finished their installation of the picture with its woodwork 
above a cleverly realistic electric log, setting the mock-fireplace and overmantel a 
little out from the north wall as if a chimney existed, and boxing in the sides with 
panelling to match the room's. The front panel holding the picture was sawn and 
hinged to allow cupboard space behind it. After the workmen went he moved his 
work into the study and sat down before it with his eyes half on the cipher and 
half on the portrait which stared back at him like a year-adding and century- 
recalling mirror. 

His parents, subsequently recalling his conduct at this period, give interesting 
details anent the policy of concealment which he practised. Before servants he 
seldom hid any paper which he might by studying, since he rightly assumed that 
Curwen's intricate and archaic chirography would be too much for them. With 
his parents, however, he was more circumspect; and unless the manuscript in 
question were a cipher, or a mere mass of cryptic symbols and unknown 
ideographs (as that entitled 'To Him Who Shal Come After, etc' seemed to be), 
he would cover it with some convenient paper until his caller had departed. At 
night he kept the papers under lock and key in an antique cabinet of his, where 
he also placed them whenever he left the room. He soon resumed fairly regular 
hours and habits, except that his long walks and other outside interests seemed 
to cease. The opening of school, where he now began his senior year, seemed a 
great bore to him; and he frequently asserted his determination never to bother 
with college. He had, he said, important special investigations to make, which 
would provide him with more avenues toward knowledge and the humanities 
than any university which the world could boast. 

Naturally, only one who had always been more or less studious, eccentric, and 
solitary could have pursued this course for many days without attracting notice. 
Ward, however, was constitutionally a scholar and a hermit; hence his parents 
were less surprised than regretful at the close confinement and secrecy he 
adopted. At the same time, both his father and mother thought it odd that he 
would shew them no scrap of his treasure-trove, nor give any connected account 
of such data as he had deciphered. This reticence he explained away as due to a 



338 



wish to wait until he might announce some connected revelation, but as the 
weeks passed without further disclosures there began to grow up between the 
youth and his family a kind of constraint; intensified in his mother's case by her 
manifest disapproval of all Curwen delvings. 

During October Ward began visiting the libraries again, but no longer for the 
antiquarian matter of his former days. Witchcraft and magic, occultism and 
daemonology, were what he sought now; and when Providence sources proved 
unfruitful he would take the train for Boston and tap the wealth of the great 
library in Copley Square, the Widener Library at Harvard, or the Zion Research 
Library in Brookline, where certain rare works on Biblical subjects are available. 
He bought extensively, and fitted up a whole additional set of shelves in his 
study for newly acquired works on uncanny subjects; while during the 
Christmas holidays he made a round of out-of-town trips including one to Salem 
to consult certain records at the Essex Institute. 

About the middle of January, 1920, there entered Ward's bearing an element of 
triumph which he did not explain, and he was no more found at work upon the 
Hutchinson cipher. Instead, he inaugurated a dual policy of chemical research 
and record-scanning; fitting up for the one a laboratory in the unused attic of the 
house, and for the latter haunting all the sources of vital statistics in Providence. 
Local dealers in drugs and scientific supplies, later questioned, gave 
astonishingly queer and meaningless catalogues of the substances and 
instruments he purchased; but clerks at the State House, the City Hall, and the 
various libraries agree as to the definite object of his second interest. He was 
searching intensely and feverishly for the grave of Joseph Curwen, from whose 
slate slab an older generation had so wisely blotted the name. 

Little by little there grew upon the Ward family the conviction that something 
was wrong. Charles had had freaks and changes of minor interests before, but 
this growing secrecy and absorption in strange pursuits was unlike even him. 
His school work was the merest pretence; and although he failed in no test, it 
could be seen that the older application had all vanished. He had other 
concernments now; and when not in his new laboratory with a score of obsolete 
alchemical books, could be found either poring over old burial records down 
town or glued to his volumes of occult lore in his study, where the startlingly - 
one almost fancied increasingly - similar features of Joseph Curwen stared 
blandly at him from the great overmantel on the North wall. 

Late in March Ward added to his archive-searching a ghoulish series of rambles 
about the various ancient cemeteries of the city. The cause appeared later, when 
it was learned from City Hall clerks that he had probably found an important 
clue. His quest had suddenly shifted from the grave of Joseph Curwen to that of 



339 



one Naphthali Field; and this shift was explained when, upon going over the files 
that he had been over, the investigators actually found a fragmentary record of 
Curwen's burial which had escaped the general obliteration, and which stated 
that the curious leaden coffin had been interred '10 ft. S. and 5 ft. W. of Naphthali 
Field's grave in y-.' The lack of a specified burying-ground in the surviving entry 
greatly complicated the search, and Naphthali Field's grave seemed as elusive as 
that of Curwen; but here no systematic effacement had existed, and one might 
reasonably be expected to stumble on the stone itself even if its record had 
perished. Hence the rambles - from which St. John's (the former King's) 
Churchyard and the ancient Congregational burying-ground in the midst of 
Swan Point Cemetery were excluded, since other statistics had shewn that the 
only Naphthali Field (obiit 1729) whose grave could have been meant had been a 
Baptist. 



It was toward May when Dr. Willett, at the request of the senior Ward, and 
fortified with all the Curwen data which the family had gleaned from Charles in 
his non-secretive days, talked with the young man. The interview was of little 
value or conclusiveness, for Willett felt at every moment that Charles was 
thorough master of himself and in touch with matters of real importance; but it 
at least force the secretive youth to offer some rational explanation of his recent 
demeanour. Of a pallid, impassive type not easily shewing embarrassment. 
Ward seemed quite ready to discuss his pursuits, though not to reveal their 
object. He stated that the papers of his ancestor had contained some remarkable 
secrets of early scientific knowledge, for the most part in cipher, of an apparent 
scope comparable only to the discoveries of Friar Bacon and perhaps surpassing 
even those. They were, however, meaningless except when correlated with a 
body of learning now wholly obsolete; so that their immediate presentation to a 
world equipped only with modern science would rob them of all impressiveness 
and dramatic significance. To take their vivid place in the history of human 
thought they must first be correlated by one familiar with the background out of 
which they evolved, and to this task of correlation Ward was now devoting 
himself. He was seeking to acquire as fast as possible those neglected arts of old 
which a true interpreter of the Curwen data must possess, and hoped in time to 
made a full announcement and presentation of the utmost interest to mankind 
and to the world of thought. Not even Einstein, he declared, could more 
profoundly revolutionise the current conception of things. 

As to his graveyard search, whose object he freely admitted, but the details of 
whose progress he did not relate, he said he had reason to think that Joseph 
Curwen's mutilated headstone bore certain mystic symbols - carved from 
directions in his will and ignorantly spared by those who had effaced the name - 



340 



which were absolutely essential to the final solution of his cryptic system. 
Curwen, he believed, had wish to guard his secret with care; and had 
consequently distributed the data in an exceedingly curious fashion. When Dr. 
Willett asked to see the mystic documents. Ward displayed much reluctance and 
tried to put him off with such things as photostatic copies of the Hutchinson 
cipher and Orne formulae and diagrams; but finally shewed him the exteriors of 
some of the real Curwen finds - the 'Journall and Notes', the cipher (title in 
cipher also), and the formula-filled message 'To Him Who Shal Come After' - 
and let him glance inside such as were in obscure characters. 

He also opened the diary at a page carefully selected for its innocuousness and 
gave Willett a glimpse of Curwen's connected handwriting in English. The 
doctor noted very closely the crabbed and complicated letters, and the general 
aura of the seventeenth century which clung round both penmanship and style 
despite the writer's survival into the eighteenth century, and became quickly 
certain that the document was genuine. The text itself was relatively trivial, and 
Willett recalled only a fragment: 

'Wedn. 16 Octr. 1754. My Sloope the Wakeful this Day putt in from London with 
XX newe Men pick'd up in ye Indies, Spaniards from Martineco and 2 Dutch 
Men from Surinam. Ye Dutch Men are like to Desert from have'g hearde 
Somewhat ill of these Ventures, but I will see to ye Inducing of them to Staye. For 
Mr. Knight Dexter of ye Bay and Book 120 Pieces Camblets, 100 Pieces Assrtd. 
Cambleteens, 20 Pieces blue Duffles, 100 Pieces Shalloons, 50 Pieces 
Calamancoes, 300 Pieces each, Shendsoy and Humhums. For Mr. Green at ye 
Elephant 50 Gallon Cyttles, 20 Warm'g Pannes, 15 Bake Cyttles, 10 pr. Smoke'g 
Tonges. For Mr. Perrigo 1 Sett of Awles. For Mr. Nightingale 50 Reames prime 
Foolscap. Say'd ye SABAOTH thrice last Nighte but None appear'd. I must heare 
more from Mr. H. in Transylvania, tho' it is Harde reach'g him and exceeding 
strange he can not give me the Use of What he hath so well us'd these hundred 
Yeares. Simon hath not writ these V. Weekes, but I expecte soon hear'g from 
Him.' 

When upon reaching this point Dr. Willett turned the leaf he was quickly 
checked by Ward, who almost snatched the book from his grasp. All that the 
doctor had a chance to see on the newly opened page was a brief pair of 
sentences; but these, strangely enough, lingered tenacious in his memory. They 
ran: 'Ye Verse from Liber-Damnatus be'g spoke V Roodmasses and IV Hallows- 
Eves, I am Hopeful ye Thing is breed'g Outside ye Spheres. It will drawe One 
who is to Come, if I can make sure he shal Bee, and he shal think on Past Thinges 
and look back thro' all ye Yeares, against ye Which I must have ready ye Saltes or 
That to make 'em with.' 



341 



Willett saw no more, but somehow this small glimpse gave a new and vague 
terror to the painted features of Joseph Curwen which stared blandly down from 
the overmantel. Even after that he entertained the odd fancy - which his medical 
skill of course assured him was only a fancy - that the eyes of the portrait had a 
sort of wish, if not an actual tendency, to follow young Charles Ward as he move 
about the room. He stopped before leaving to study the picture closely, 
marvelling at its resemblance to Charles and memorising every minute detail of 
the cryptical, colourless face, even down to a slight scar or pit in the smooth 
brow above the right eye. Cosmo Alexander, he decided, was a painter worthy of 
the Scotland that produced Raeburn, and a teacher worthy of his illustrious pupil 
Gilbert Stuart. 

Assured by the doctor that Charles's mental health was in no danger, but that on 
the other hand he was engaged in researches which might prove of real 
importance, the Wards were more lenient than they might otherwise have been 
when during the following June the youth made positive his refusal to attend 
college. He had, he declared, studies of much more vital importance to pursue; 
and intimated a wish to go abroad the following year in order to avail himself of 
certain sources of data not existing in America. The senior Ward, while denying 
this latter wish as absurd for a boy of only eighteen, acquiesced regarding the 
university; so that after a none too brilliant graduation from the Moses Brown 
School there ensued for Charles a three-year period of intensive occult study and 
graveyard searching. He became recognised as an eccentric, and dropped even 
more completely from the sight of his family's friends than he had been before; 
keeping close to his work and only occasionally making trips to other cities to 
consult obscure records. Once he went south to talk to a strange mulatto who 
dwelt in a swamp and about whom a newspaper hand printed a curious article. 
Again he sought a small village in the Adirondacks whence reports of certain 
odd ceremonial practices had come. But still his parents forbade him the trip to 
the Old World which he desired. 

Coming of age in April, 1923, and having previously inherited a small 
competence from his maternal grandfather. Ward determined at last to take the 
European trip hitherto denied him. Of his proposed itinerary he would say 
nothing save that the needs of his studies would carry him to many places, but 
he promised to write his parents fully and faithfully. When they saw he could 
not be dissuaded, they ceased all opposition and helped as best they could; so 
that in June the young man sailed for Liverpool with the farewell blessings of his 
father and mother, who accompanied him to Boston and waved him out of sight 
from the White Star pier in Charlestown. Letters soon told of his safe arrival, and 
of his securing good quarters in Great Russell Street, London; where he proposed 
to stay, shunning all family friends, till he had exhausted the resources of the 
British Museum in a certain direction. Of his daily life he wrote by little, for there 



342 



was little to write. Study and experiment consumed all his time, and he 
mentioned a laboratory which he had established in one of his rooms. That he 
said nothing of antiquarian rambles in the glamorous old city with its luring 
skyline of ancient domes and steeples and its tangles of roads and alleys whose 
mystic convolutions and sudden vistas alternately beckon and surprise, was 
taken by his parents as a good index of the degree to which his new interests had 
engrossed his mind. 

In June, 1924, a brief note told of his departure for Paris, to which he had before 
made one or two flying trips for material in the Bibliotheque Nationale. For three 
months thereafter he sent only postal cards, giving an address in the Rue St. 
Jacques and referring to a special search among rare manuscripts in the library of 
an unnamed private collector. He avoided acquaintances, and no tourists 
brought back reports of having seen him. Then came a silence, and in October the 
Wards received a picture card from Prague, Czecho-Slovakia, stating that 
Charles was in that ancient town for the purpose of conferring with a certain 
very aged man supposed to be the last living possessor of some very curious 
mediaeval information. He gave an address in the Neustadt, and announced no 
move till the following January; when he dropped several cards from Vienna 
telling of his passage through that city on the way toward a more easterly region 
whither one of his correspondents and fellow-delvers into the occult had invited 
him. 

The next card was from Klausenburg in Transylvania, and told of Ward's 
progress toward his destination. He was going to visit a Baron Ferenczy, whose 
estate lay in the mountains east of Rakus; and was to be addressed at Rakus in 
the care of that nobleman. Another card from Rakus a week later, saying that his 
host's carriage had met him and that he was leaving the village for the 
mountains, was his last message for a considerable time; indeed, he did reply to 
his parents' frequent letters until May, when he wrote to discourage the plan of 
his mother for a meeting in London, Paris, or Rome during the summer, when 
the elder Wards were planning to travel to Europe. His researches, he said, were 
such that he could not leave his present quarters; while the situation of Baron 
Ferenczy's castle did not favour visits. It was on a crag in the dark wooded 
mountains, and the region was so shunned by the country folk that normal 
people could not help feeling ill at ease. Moreover, the Baron was not a person 
likely to appeal to correct and conservative New England gentlefolk. His aspect 
and manners had idiosyncrasies, and his age was so great as to be disquieting. It 
would be better, Charles said, if his parents would wait for his return to 
Providence; which could scarcely be far distant. 

That return did not, however, take place until May 1926, when after a few 
heralding cards the young wanderer quietly slipped into New York on the 



343 



Homeric and traversed the long miles to Providence by motor-coach, eagerly 
drinking in the green rolling hills, and fragrant, blossoming orchards, and the 
white steepled towns of vernal Connecticut; his first taste of ancient New 
England in nearly four years. When the coach crossed the Pawcatuck and 
entered Rhode Island amidst the faery goldenness of a late spring afternoon his 
heart beat with quickened force, and the entry to Providence along Reservoir and 
Elmwood Avenues was a breathless and wonderful thing despite the depths of 
forbidden lore to which he had delved. At the high square where Broad, 
Weybosset, and Empire Streets join, he saw before and below him in the fire of 
sunset the pleasant, remembered houses and domes and steeples of the old town; 
and his head swam curiously as the vehicle rolled down to the terminal behind 
the Biltmore, bringing into view the great dome and soft, roof-pierced greenery 
of the ancient hill across the river, and the tall colonial spire of the First Baptist 
Church limned pink in the magic evening against the fresh springtime verdure of 
its precipitous background. 

Old Providence! It was this place and the mysterious forces of its long, 
continuous history which had brought him into being, and which had drawn 
him back toward marvels and secrets whose boundaries no prophet might fix. 
Here lay the arcana, wondrous or dreadful as the case may be, for which all his 
years of travel and application had been preparing him. A taxicab whirled him 
through Post Office Square with its glimpse of the river, the old Market House, 
and the head of the bay, and up the steep curved slope of Waterman Street to 
Prospect, where the vast gleaming dome and sunset-flushed Ionic columns of the 
Christian Science Church beckoned northward. Then eight squares past the fine 
old estates his childish eyes had known, and the quaint brick sidewalks so often 
trodden by his youthful feet. And at last the little white overtaken farmhouse on 
the right, on the left the classic Adam porch and stately facade of the great brick 
house where he was born. It was twilight, and Charles Dexter Ward had come 
home. 



A school of alienists slightly less academic than Dr. Lyman's assign to Ward's 
European trip the beginning of his true madness. Admitting that he was sane 
when he started, they believe that his conduct upon returning implies a 
disastrous change. But even to this claim Dr. Willett refuses to concede. There 
was, he insists, something later; and the queerness of the youth at this stage he 
attributes to the practice of rituals learned abroad - odd enough things, to be 
sure, but by no means implying mental aberration on the part of their celebrant. 
Ward himself, though visibly aged and hardened, was still normal in his general 
reactions; and in several talks with Dr. Willett displayed a balance which no 
madman - even an incipient one - could feign continuously for long. What 



344 



elicited the notion of insanity at this period were the sounds heard at all hours 
from Ward's attic laboratory, in which he kept himself most of the time. There 
were chantings and repetitions, and thunderous declamations in uncanny 
rhythms; and although these sounds were always in Ward's own voice, there 
was something in the quality of that voice, and in the accents of the formulae it 
pronounced, which could not by chill the blood of every hearer. It was noticed 
that Nig, the venerable and beloved black cat of the household, bristled and 
arched his back perceptibly when certain of the tones were heard. 

The odours occasionally wafted from the laboratory were likewise exceedingly 
strange. Sometimes they were very noxious, but more often they were aromatic, 
with a haunting, elusive quality which seemed to have the power of inducing 
fantastic images. People who smelled them had a tendency to glimpse 
momentary mirages of enormous vistas, with strange hills or endless avenues of 
sphinxes and hippogriffs stretching off into infinite distance. Ward did not 
resume his old-time rambles, but applied himself diligently to the strange books 
he had brought home, and to equally strange delvings within his quarters; 
explaining that European sources had greatly enlarged the possibilities of his 
work, and promising great revelations in the years to come. His older aspect 
increased to a startling degree his resemblance to the Curwen portrait in his 
library; and Dr. Willett would often pause by the latter after a call, marvelling at 
the virtual identity, and reflecting that only the small pit above the picture's right 
eye now remained to differentiate the long-dead wizard from the living youth. 
These calls of Willett' s, undertaken at the request of teh senior Wards, were 
curious affairs. Ward at no time repulsed the doctor, but the latter saw that he 
could never reach the young man's inner psychology. Frequently he noted 
peculiar things about; little wax images of grotesque design on the shelves or 
tables, and the half-erased remnants of circles, triangles, and pentagrams in chalk 
or charcoal on the cleared central space of the large room. And always in the 
night those rhythms and incantations thundered, till it became very difficult to 
keep servants or suppress furtive talk of Charles's madness. 

In January, 1927, a peculiar incident occurred. One night about midnight, as 
Charles was chanting a ritual whose weird cadence echoed unpleasantly through 
the house below, there came a sudden gust of chill wind from the bay, and a 
faint, obscure trembling of the earth which everyone in the neighbourhood 
noted. At the same time the cat exhibited phenomenal traces of fright, while dogs 
bayed for as much as a mile around. This was the prelude to a sharp 
thunderstorm, anomalous for the season, which brought with it such a crash that 
Mr. and Mrs. Ward believed the house had been struck. They rushed upstairs to 
see what damage had been done, but Charles met them at the door to the attic; 
pale, resolute, and portentous, with an almost fearsome combination of triumph 
and seriousness on his face. He assured them that the house had not really been 



345 



struck, and that the storm would soon be over. They paused, and looking 
through a window saw that he was indeed right; for the lightning flashed farther 
and farther off, whilst the trees ceased to bend in the strange frigid gust from the 
water. The thunder sank to a sort of dull mumbling chuckle and finally died 
away. Stars came out, and the stamp of triumph on Charles Ward's face 
crystallised into a very singular expression. 

For two months or more after this incident Ward was less confined than usual to 
his laboratory. He exhibited a curious interest in the weather, and made odd 
inquires about the date of the spring thawing of the ground. One night late in 
March he left the house after midnight, and did not return till almost morning; 
when his mother, being wakeful, heard a rumbling motor draw up to the 
carriage entrance. Muffled oaths could be distinguished, and Mrs. Ward, rising 
and going to the window, saw four dark figures removing a long, heavy box 
from a truck at Charles's direction and carrying it within by the side door. She 
heard laboured breathing and ponderous footfalls on the stairs, and finally a dull 
thumping in the attic; after which the footfalls descended again, and the four 
reappeared outside and drove off in their truck. 

The next day Charles resumed his strict attic seclusion, drawing down the dark 
shades of his laboratory windows and appearing to be working on some metal 
substance. He would open the door to no one, and steadfastly refused all 
proffered food. About noon a wrenching sound followed by a terrible cry and a 
fall were heard, but when Mrs. Ward rapped at the door her son at length 
answered faintly, and told her that nothing had gone amiss. The hideous and 
indescribable stench now welling out was absolutely harmless and unfortunately 
necessary. Solitude was the one prime essential, and he would appear later for 
dinner. That afternoon, after the conclusion of some odd hissing sounds which 
came from behind the locked portal, he did finally appear; wearing an extremely 
haggard aspect and forbidding anyone to enter the laboratory upon any pretext. 
This, indeed, proved the beginning of a new policy of secrecy; for never 
afterward was any other person permitted to visit either the mysterious garret 
workroom or the adjacent storeroom which he cleaned out, furnished roughly, 
and added to his inviolable private domain as a sleeping apartment. Here he 
lived, with books brought up from his library beneath, till the time he purchased 
the Pawtuxet bungalow and moved to it all his scientific effects. 

In the evening Charles secured the paper before the rest of the family and 
damaged part of it through an apparent accident. Later on Dr. Willett, having 
fixed the date from statements by various members of the household, looked up 
an intact copy at the Journal office and found that in the destroyed section the 
following small item had occurred: 



346 



Nocturnal Diggers Surprised in North Burial Ground 

Robert Hart, night watchman at the North Burial Ground, this morning 
discovered a party of several men with a motor truck in the oldest part of the 
cemetery, but apparently frightened them off before they had accomplished 
whatever their object may have been. 

The discovery took place at about four o'clock, when Hart's attention was 
attracted by the sound of a motor outside his shelter. Investigating, he saw a 
large truck on the main drive several rods away; but could not reach it before the 
noise of his feet on the gravel had revealed his approach. The men hastily placed 
a large box in the truck and drove away toward the street before they could be 
overtaken; and since no known grave was disturbed. Hart believes that this box 
was an object which they wished to bury. 

The diggers must have been at work for a long while before detection, for Hart 
found an enormous hold dug at a considerable distance back from the roadway 
in the lot of Amasa Field, where most of the old stones have long ago 
disappeared. The hole, a place as large and deep as a grave, was empty; and did 
not coincide with any interment mentioned in the cemetery records. 

Sergt. Riley of the Second Station viewed the spot and gave the opinion that the 
hole was dug by bootleggers rather gruesomely and ingeniously seeking a safe 
cache for liquor in a place not likely to be disturbed. In reply to questions Hart 
said he though the escaping truck had headed up Rochambeau Avenue, though 
he could not be sure. 

During the next few days Charles Ward was seldom seen by his family. Having 
added sleeping quarters to his attic realm, he kept closely to himself there, 
ordering food brought to the door and not taking it in until after the servant had 
gone away. The droning of monotonous formulae and the chanting of bizarre 
rhythms recurred at intervals, while at other times occasional listeners could 
detect the sound of tinkling glass, hissing chemicals, running water, or roaring 
gas flames. Odours of the most unplaceable quality, wholly unlike any before 
noted, hung at times around the door; and the air of tension observable in the 
young recluse whenever he did venture briefly forth was such as to excite the 
keenest speculation. Once he made a hasty trip to the Athenaeum for a book he 
required, and again he hired a messenger to fetch him a highly obscure volume 
from Boston. Suspense was written portentously over the whole situation, and 
both the family and Dr. Willett confessed themselves wholly at a loss what to do 
or think about it. 



347 



Then on the fifteenth of April a strange development occurred. While nothing 
appeared to grow different in kind, there was certainly a very terrible difference 
in degree; and Dr. Willett somehow attaches great significance to the change. The 
day was Good Friday, a circumstance of which the servants made much, but 
which others quite naturally dismiss as an irrelevant coincidence. Late in the 
afternoon young Ward began repeating a certain formula in a singularly loud 
voice, at the same time burning some substance so pungent that its fumes 
escaped over the entire house. The formula was so plainly audible in the hall 
outside the locked door that Mrs. Ward could not help memorising it as she 
waited and listened anxiously, and later on she was able to write it down at Dr. 
Willett's request. It ran as follows, and experts have told Dr. Willett that its very 
close analogue can be found in the mystic writings of "Eliphas Levi", that cryptic 
soul who crept through a crack in the forbidden door and glimpsed the frightful 
vistas of the void beyond: 

'Per Adonai Eloim, Adonai Jehova, 

Adonai Sabaoth, Metraton On Agla Mathon, 

verbum pythonicum, mysterium salamandrae, 

conventus sylvorum, antra gnomorum, 

daemonia Coeli God, Almonsin, Gibor, Jehosua, 
Evam, Zariatnatmik, veni, veni, veni.' 

This had been going on for two hours without change or intermission when over 
all the neighbourhood a pandaemoniac howling of dogs set in. The extent of this 
howling can be judged from the space it received in the papers the next day, but 
to those in the Ward household it was overshadowed by the odour which 
instantly followed it; a hideous, all-pervasive odour which non of them had ever 
smelt before or have ever smelt since. In the midst of this mephitic flood there 
came a very perceptible flash like that of lightning, which would have been 
blinding and impressive but for the daylight around; and then was heard the 
voice that no listener can ever forget because of its thunderous remoteness, its 
incredible depth, and its eldritch dissimilarity to Charles Ward's voice. It shook 
the house, and was clearly heard by at least two neighbours above the howling 
of the dogs. Mrs. Ward, who had been listening in despair outside her son's 
locked laboratory, shivered as she recognised its hellish imports; for Charles had 
told of its evil fame in dark books, and of the manner in which it had thundered, 
according to the Tenner letter, above the doomed Pawtuxet farmhouse on the 
night of Joseph Curwen's annihilation. There was no mistaking that nightmare 
phrase, for Charles had described it too vividly in the old days when he had 
talked frankly of his Curwen investigations. And yet it was only this fragment of 
an archaic and forgotten language: 'DIES MIES JESCHET BOENE DOESEF 
DOUVEMA ENITEMAUS.' 



348 



Close upon this thundering there came a momentary darkening of the dayhght, 
though sunset was still an hour distant, and then a puff of added odour different 
from the first but equally unknown and intolerable. Charles was chanting again 
now and his mother could hear syllables that sounded like 'Yi nash Yog Sothoth 
he Igeb throdag' - ending in a 'Yah!' whose maniacal force mounted in an ear- 
splitting crescendo. A second later all previous memories were effaced by the 
wailing scream which burst out with frantic explosiveness and gradually 
changed form to a paroxysm of diabolic and hysterical laughter. Mrs. Ward, with 
the mingled fear and blind courage of maternity, advanced and knocked 
affrightedly at the concealing panels, but obtained no sign of recognition. She 
knocked again, but paused nervelessly as a second shriek arose, this one 
unmistakably in the familiar voice of her son, and sounding concurrently with 
the still bursting cachinnations of that other voice. Presently she fainted, 
although she is still unable to recall the precise and immediate cause. Memory 
sometimes makes merciful deletions. 

Mr. Ward returned from the business section at about quarter past six; and not 
finding his wife downstairs, was told by the frightened servants that she was 
probably watching at Charles's door, from which the sounds had been far 
stranger than ever before. Mounting the stairs at once, he saw Mrs. Ward 
stretched out at full length on the floor of the corridor outside the laboratory; and 
realising that she had fainted, hastened to fetch a glass of water from a set bowl 
in a neighbouring alcove. Dashing the cold fluid in her face, he was heartened to 
observe an immediate response on her part, and was watching the bewildered 
opening of her eyes when a chill shot through him and threatened to reduce him 
to the very state from which she was emerging. For the seemingly silent 
laboratory was not as silent as it had appeared to be, but held the murmurs of a 
tense, muffled conversation in tones too low for comprehension, yet of a quality 
profoundly disturbing to the soul. 

It was not, of course, new for Charles to mutter formulae; but this muttering was 
definitely different. It was so palpably a dialogue, or imitation of a dialogue, with 
the regular alteration of inflections suggesting question and answer, statement 
and response. One voice was undisguisedly that of Charles, but the other had a 
depth and hoUowness which the youth's best powers of ceremonial mimicry had 
scarcely approached before. There was something hideous, blasphemous, and 
abnormal about it, and but for a cry from his recovering wife which cleared his 
mind by arousing his protective instincts it is not likely that Theodore Rowland 
Ward could have maintained for nearly a year more his old boast that he had 
never fainted. As it was, he seized his wife in his arms and bore her quickly 
downstairs before she could notice the voices which had so horribly disturbed 
him. Even so, however, he was not quick enough to escape catching something 
himself which caused him to stagger dangerously with his burden. For Mrs. 



349 



Ward's cry had evidently been heard by others than he, and there had come in 
response to it from behind the locked door the first distinguishable words which 
that masked and terrible colloquy had yielded. They were merely an excited 
caution in Charles's own voice, but somehow their implications held a nameless 
fright for the father who overheard them. The phrase was just this: 'Sshh!-write!' 

Mr. and Mrs. Ward conferred at some length after dinner, and the former 
resolved to have a firm and serious talk with Charles that very night. No matter 
how important the object, such conduct could no longer be permitted; for these 
latest developments transcended every limit of sanity and formed a menace to 
the order and nervous well-being of the entire household. The youth must 
indeed have taken complete leave of his senses, since only downright madness 
could have prompted the wild screams and imaginary conversations in assumed 
voices which the present day had brought forth. All this must be stopped, or 
Mrs. Ward would be made ill and the keeping of servants become an 
impossibility. 

Mr. Ward rose at the close of the meal and started upstairs for Charles's 
laboratory. On the third floor, however, he paused at the sounds which he heard 
proceeding from the now disused library of his son. Books were apparently 
being flung about and papers wildly rustled, and upon stepping to the door Mr. 
Ward beheld the youth within, excitedly assembling a vast armful of literary 
matter of every size and shape. Charles's aspect was very drawn and haggard, 
and he dropped his entire load with a start at the sound of his father's voice. At 
the elder man's command he sat down, and for some time listened to the 
admonitions he had so long deserved. There was no scene. At the end of the 
lecture he agreed that his father was right, and that his noises, mutterings, 
incantations, and chemical odours were indeed inexcusable nuisances. He agreed 
to a policy of great quiet, though insisting on a prolongation of his extreme 
privacy. Much of his future work, he said, was in any case purely book research; 
and he could obtain quarters elsewhere for any such vocal rituals as might be 
necessary at a later stage. For the fright and fainting of his mother he expressed 
the keenest contrition, and explained that the conversation later heard was part 
of an elaborate symbolism designed to create a certain mental atmosphere. His 
use of abstruse technical terms somewhat bewildered Mr. Ward, but the parting 
impression was one of undeniable sanity and poise despite a mysterious tension 
of the utmost gravity. The interview was really quite inconclusive, and as 
Charles picked up his armful and left the room Mr. Ward hardly knew what to 
make of the entire business. It was as mysterious as the death of poor old Nig, 
whose stiffening form had been found an hour before in the basement, with 
staring eyes and fear-distorted mouth. 



350 



Driven by some vague detective instinct, the bewildered parent now glanced 
curiously at the vacant shelves to see what his son had taken up to the attic. The 
youth's library was plainly and rigidly classified, so that one might tell at a 
glance the books or at least the kind of books which had been withdrawn. On 
this occasion Mr. Ward was astonished to find that nothing of the occult or the 
antiquarian, beyond what had been previously removed, was missing. These 
new withdrawals were all modern items; histories, scientific treatises, 
geographies, manuals of literature, philosophic works, and certain contemporary 
newspapers and magazines. It was a very curious shift from Charles Ward's 
recent run of reading, and the father paused in a growing vortex of perplexity 
and an engulfing sense of strangeness. The strangeness was a very poignant 
sensation, and almost clawed at his chest as he strove to see just what was wrong 
around him. Something was indeed wrong, and tangibly as well as spiritually so. 
Ever since he had been in this room he had known that something was amiss, 
and at last it dawned upon him what it was. 

On the north wall rose still the ancient carved overmantel from the house in 
Olney Court, but to the cracked and precariously restored oils of the large 
Curwen portrait disaster had come. Time and unequal heating had done their 
work at last, and at some time since the room's last cleaning the worst had 
happened. Peeling clear of the wood, curling tighter and tighter, and finally 
crumbling into small bits with what must have been malignly silent suddenness, 
the portrait of Joseph Curwen had resigned forever its staring surveillance of the 
youth it so strangely resembled, and now lay scattered on the floor as a thin 
coating of fine blue-grey dust. 

IV. A Mutation and a Madness 



In the week following that memorable Good Friday Charles Ward was seen more 
often than usual, and was continually carrying books between his library and the 
attic laboratory. His actions were quiet and rational, but he had a furtive, hunted 
look which his mother did not like, and developed an incredibly ravenous 
appetite as gauged by his demands upon the cook. Dr. Willett had been told of 
those Friday noises and happenings, and on the following Tuesday had a long 
conversation with the youth in the library where the picture stared no more. The 
interview was, as always, inconclusive; but Willett is still ready to swear that the 
youth was sane and himself at the time. He held out promises of an early 
revelation, and spoke of the need of securing a laboratory elsewhere. At the loss 
of the portrait he grieved singularly little considering his first enthusiasm over it, 
but seemed to find something of positive humour in its sudden crumbling. 



351 



About the second week Charles began to be absent from the house for long 
periods, and one day when good old black Hannah came to help with the spring 
cleaning she mentioned his frequent visits to the old house in Olney Court, 
where he would come with a large valise and perform curious delvings in the 
cellar. He was always very liberal to her and to old Asa, but seemed more 
worried than he used to be; which grieved her very much, since she had watched 
him grow up from birth. Another report of his doings came from Pawtuxet, 
where some friends of the family saw him at a distance a surprising number of 
times. He seemed to haunt the resort and canoe-house of Rhodes-on-the- 
Pawtuxet, and subsequent inquiries by Dr. Willett at that place brought out the 
fact that his purpose was always to secure access to the rather hedged-in river- 
bank, along which he would walk toward the north, usually not reappearing for 
a very long while. 

Late in May came a momentary revival of ritualistic sounds in the attic 
laboratory which brought a stern reproof from Mr. Ward and a somewhat 
distracted promise of amendment from Charles. It occurred one morning, and 
seemed to form a resumption of the imaginary conversation noted on that 
turbulent Good Friday. The youth was arguing or remonstrating hotly with 
himself, for there suddenly burst forth a perfectly distinguishable series of 
clashing shouts in differentiated tones like alternate demands and denials which 
caused Mrs. Ward to run upstairs and listen at the door. She could hear no more 
than a fragment whose only plain words were 'must have it red for three 
months', and upon her knocking all sounds ceased at once. When Charles was 
later questioned by his father he said that there were certain conflicts of spheres 
of consciousness which only great skill could avoid, but which he would try to 
transfer to other realms. 

About the middle of June a queer nocturnal incident occurred. In the early 
evening there had been some noise and thumping in the laboratory upstairs, and 
Mr. Ward was on the point of investigating when it suddenly quieted down. 
That midnight, after the family had retired, the butler was nightlocking the front 
door when according to his statement Charles appeared somewhat blunderingly 
and uncertainly at the foot of the stairs with a large suitcase and made signs that 
he wished egress. The youth spoke no word, but the worthy Yorkshireman 
caught one sight of his fevered eyes and trembled causelessly. He opened the 
door and young Ward went out, but in the morning he presented his resignation 
to Mrs. Ward. There was, he said, something unholy in the glance Charles had 
fixed on him. It was no way for a young gentleman to look at an honest person, 
and he could not possibly stay another night. Mrs. Ward allowed the man to 
depart, but she did not value his statement highly. To fancy Charles in a savage 
state that night was quite ridiculous, for as long as she had remained awake she 
had heard faint sounds from the laboratory above; sounds as if of sobbing and 



352 



pacing, and of a sighing which told only of despair's profoundest depths. Mrs. 
Ward had grown used to listening for sounds in the night, for the mystery of her 
son was fast driving all else from her mind. 

The next evening, much as on another evening nearly three months before, 
Charles Ward seized the newspaper very early and accidentally lost the main 
section. This matter was not recalled till later, when Dr. Willett began checking 
up loose ends and searching out missing links here and there. In the Journal 
office he found the section which Charles had lost, and marked two items as of 
possible significance. They were as follows: 

More Cemetery Delving 

It was this morning discovered by Robert Hart, night watchman at the North 
Burial Ground, that ghouls were again at work in the ancient portion of the 
cemetery. The grave of Ezra Weeden, who was born in 1740 and died in 1824 
according to his uprooted and savagely splintered slate headstone, was found 
excavated and rifled, the work being evidently done with a spade stolen from an 
adjacent tool-shed. 

Whatever the contents may have been after more than a century of burial, all was 
gone except a few slivers of decayed wood. There were no wheel tracks, but the 
police have measured a single set of footprints which they found in the vicinity, 
and which indicate the boots of a man of refinement. 

Hart is inclined to link this incident with the digging discovered last March, 
when a party in a motor truck were frightened away after making a deep 
excavation; but Sergt. Riley of the Second Station discounts this theory and 
points to vital differences in the two cases. In March the digging had been in a 
spot where no grave was known; but this time a well-marked and cared-for 
grave had been rifled with every evidence of deliberate purpose, and with a 
conscious malignity expressed in the splintering of the slab which had been 
intact up to the day before. 

Members of the Weeden family, notified of the happening, expressed their 
astonishment and regret; and were wholly unable to think of any enemy who 
would care to violate the grave of their ancestor. Hazard Weeden of 598 Angell 
Street recalls a family legend according to which Ezra Weeden was involved in 
some very peculiar circumstances, not dishonourable to himself, shortly before 
the Revolution; but of any modern feud or mystery he is frankly ignorant. 
Inspector Cunningham has been assigned to the case, and hopes to uncover some 
valuable clues in the near future. 



353 



Dogs Noisy in Pawtuxet 

Residents of Pawtuxet were aroused about 3 a.m. today by a phenomenal baying 
of dogs which seemed to centre near the river just north of Rhodes-on-the- 
Pawtuxet. The volume and quality of the howling were unusually odd, 
according to most who heart it; and Fred Lemdin, night watchman at Rhodes, 
declares it was mixed with something very like the shrieks of a man in mortal 
terror and agony. A sharp and very brief thunderstorm, which seemed to strike 
somewhere near the bank of the river, put an end to the disturbance. Strange and 
unpleasant odours, probably from the oil tanks along the bay, are popularly 
linked with this incident; and may have had their share in exciting the dogs. 

The aspect of Charles now became very haggard and hunted, and all agreed in 
retrospect that he may have wished at this period to make some statement or 
confession from which sheer terror withheld him. The morbid listening of his 
mother in the night brought out the fact that he made frequent sallies abroad 
under cover of darkness, and most of the more academic alienists unite at 
present in charging him with the revolting cases of vampirism which the press so 
sensationally reported about this time, but which have not yet been definitely 
traced to any known perpetrator. These cases, too recent and celebrated to need 
detailed mention, involved victims of every age and type and seemed to cluster 
around two distinct localities; the residential hill and the North End, near the 
Ward home, and the suburban districts across the Cranston line near Pawtuxet. 
Both late wayfarers and sleepers with open windows were attacked, and those 
who lived to tell the tale spoke unanimously of a lean, lithe, leaping monster 
with burning eyes which fastened its teeth in the throat or upper arm and feasted 
ravenously. 

Dr. Willett, who refuses to date the madness of Charles Ward as far back as even 
this, is cautious in attempting to explain these horrors. He has, he declares, 
certain theories of his own; and limits his positive statements to a peculiar kind 
of negation: 'I will not,' he says, 'state who or what I believe perpetrated these 
attacks and murders, but I will declare that Charles Ward was innocent of them. I 
have reason to be sure he was ignorant of the taste of blood, as indeed his 
continued anaemic decline and increasing pallor prove better than any verbal 
argument. Ward meddled with terrible things, but he has paid for it, and he was 
never a monster or a villain. As for now - I don't like to think. A change came, 
and I'm content to believe that the old Charles Ward died with it. His soul did, 
anyhow, for that mad flesh that vanished from Waite's hospital had another.' 

Willett speaks with authority, for he was often at the Ward home attending Mrs. 
Ward, whose nerves had begun to snap under the strain. Her nocturnal listening 
had bred some morbid hallucinations which she confided to the doctor with 



354 



hesitancy, and which he ridiculed in talking to her, although they made him 
ponder deeply when alone. These delusions always concerning the faint sounds 
which she fancied she heard in the attic laboratory and bedroom, and 
emphasised the occurrence of muffled sighs and sobbings at the most impossible 
times. Early in July Willett ordered Mrs. Ward to Atlantic City for an indefinite 
recuperative sojourn, and cautioned both Mr. Ward and the haggard and elusive 
Charles to write her only cheering letters. It is probably to this enforced and 
reluctant escape that she owes her life and continued sanity. 



Not long after his mother's departure, Charles Ward began negotiating for the 
Pawtuxet bungalow. It was a squalid little wooden edifice with a concrete 
garage, perched high on the sparsely settled bank of the river slightly above 
Rhodes, but for some odd reason the youth would have nothing else. He gave 
the real-estate agencies no peace till one of them secured it for him at an 
exorbitant price from a somewhat reluctant owner, and as soon as it was vacant 
he took possession under cover of darkness,, transporting in a great closed van 
the entire contents of his attic laboratory, including the books both weird and 
modern which he had borrowed from his study. He had this van loaded in the 
black small hours, and his father recalls only a drowsy realisation of stifled oaths 
and stamping feet on the night the goods were taken away. After that Charles 
moved back to his own old quarters on the third floor, and never haunted the 
attic again. 

To the Pawtuxet bungalow Charles transferred all the secrecy with which he had 
surrounded his attic realm, save that he now appeared to have two sharers of his 
mysteries; a villainous-looking Portuguese half-caste from the South Main St. 
waterfront who acted as a servant, and a thin, scholarly stranger with dark 
glasses and a stubbly full beard of dyed aspect whose status was evidently that 
of a colleague. Neighbours vainly tried to engage these odd persons in 
conversation. The mulatto Gomes spoke very little English, and the bearded 
man, who gave his name as Dr. Allen, voluntarily followed his example. Ward 
himself tried to be more affable, but succeeded only in provoking curiousity with 
his rambling accounts of chemical research. Before long queer tales began to 
circulate regarding the all-night burning of lights; and somewhat later, after this 
burning had suddenly ceased, there rose still queerer tales of disproportionate 
orders of meat from the butcher's and of the muffled shouting, declamation, 
rhythmic chanting, and screaming supposed to come from some very cellar 
below the place. Most distinctly the new and strange household was bitterly 
disliked by the honest bourgeoisie of the vicinity, and it is not remarkable that 
dark hints were advanced connecting the hated establishment with the current 
epidemic of vampiristic attacks and murders; especially since the radius of that 



355 



plague seemed now confined wholly to Pawtuxet and the adjacent streets of 
Edgewood. 

Ward spent most of his time at the bungalow, but slept occasionally at home and 
was still reckoned a dweller beneath his father's roof. Twice he was absent from 
the city on week-long trips, whose destinations have not yet been discovered. He 
grew steadily paler and more emaciated even than before, and lacked some of his 
former assurance when repeating to Dr. Willett his old, old story of vital research 
and future revelations. Willett often waylaid him at his father's house, for the 
elder Ward was deeply worried and perplexed, and wished his son to get as 
much sound oversight as could be managed in the case of so secretive and 
independent an adult. The doctor still insists that the youth was sane even as late 
as this, and adduces many a conversation to prove his point. 

About September the vampirism declined, but in the following January almost 
became involved in serious trouble. For some time the nocturnal arrival and 
departure of motor trucks at the Pawtuxet bungalow had been commented upon, 
and at this juncture an unforeseen hitch exposed the nature of at least one item of 
their contents. In a lonely spot near Hope Valley had occurred one of the 
frequent sordid waylaying of trucks by "hi-jackers" in quest of liquor shipments, 
but this time the robbers had been destined to receive the greater shock. For the 
long cases they seized proved upon opening to contain some exceedingly 
gruesome things; so gruesome, in fact, that the matter could not be kept quiet 
amongst the denizens of the underworld. The thieves had hastily buried what 
they discovered, but when the State Police got wind of the matter a careful search 
was made. A recently arrived vagrant, under promise of immunity from 
prosecution on any additional charge, at last consented to guide a party of 
troopers to the spot; and there was found in that hasty cache a very hideous and 
shameful thing. It would not be well for the national - or even the international - 
sense of decorum if the public were ever to know what was uncovered by that 
awestruck party. There was no mistaking it, even by those far from studious 
officers; and telegrams to Washington ensued with feverish rapidity. 

The cases were addressed to Charles Ward at his Pawtuxet bungalow, and State 
and Federal officials at once paid him a very forceful and serious call. They 
found him pallid and worried with his two odd companions, and received from 
him what seemed to be a valid explanation and evidence of innocence. He had 
needed certain anatomical specimens as part of a programme of research whose 
depth and genuineness anyone who had known him in the last decade could 
prove, and had ordered the required kind and number from agencies which he 
had thought as reasonably legitimate as such things can be. Of the identity of the 
specimens he had known absolutely nothing, and was properly shocked when 
the inspectors hinted at the monstrous effect on public sentiment and national 



356 



dignity which a knowledge of the matter would produce. In this statement he 
was firmly sustained by his bearded colleague Dr. Allen, whose oddly hollow 
voice carried even more conviction than his own nervous tones; so that in the 
end the officials took no action, but carefully set down the New York name and 
address which Ward gave them a basis for a search which came to nothing. It is 
only fair to add that the specimens were quickly and quietly restored to their 
proper places, and that the general public will never know of their blasphemous 
disturbance. 

On February 9, 1928, Dr. Willett received a letter from Charles Ward which he 
considers of extraordinary importance, and about which he has frequently 
quarrelled with Dr. Lyman. Lyman believes that this note contains positive proof 
of a well-developed case of dementia praecox, but Willett on the other hand 
regards it as the last perfectly sane utterance of the hapless youth. He calls 
especial attention to the normal character of the penmanship; which though 
shewing traces of shattered nerves, is nevertheless distinctly Ward's own. The 
text in full is as follows: 

100 Prospect St. 

Providence, R.I., 

February 8, 1928. 

Dear Dr. Willett:- 

I feel that at last the time has come for me to make the disclosures which I have 
so long promised you, and for which you have pressed me so often. The patience 
you have shewn in waiting, and the confidence you have shewn in my mind and 
integrity, are things I shall never cease to appreciate. 

And now that I am ready to speak, I must own with humiliation that no triumph 
such as I dreamed of can ever by mine. Instead of triumph I have found terror, 
and my talk with you will not be a boast of victory but a plea for help and advice 
in saving both myself and the world from a horror beyond all human conception 
or calculation. You recall what those Fenner letters said of the old raiding party 
at Pawtuxet. That must all be done again, and quickly. Upon us depends more 
than can be put into words - all civilisation, all natural law, perhaps even the fate 
of the solar system and the universe. I have brought to light a monstrous 
abnormality, but I did it for the sake of knowledge. Now for the sake of all life 
and Nature you must help me thrust it back into the dark again. 

I have left that Pawtuxet place forever, and we must extirpate everything 
existing there, alive or dead. I shall not go there again, and you must not believe 
it if you ever hear that I am there. I will tell you why I say this when I see you. I 



357 



have come home for good, and wish you would call on me at the very first 
moment that you can spare five or six hours continuously to hear what I have to 
say. It will take that long - and believe me when I tell you that you never had a 
more genuine professional duty than this. My life and reason are the very least 
things which hang in the balance. 

I dare not tell my father, for he could not grasp the whole thing. But I have told 
him of my danger, and he has four men from a detective agency watching the 
house. I don't know how much good they can do, for they have against them 
forces which even you could scarcely envisage or acknowledge. So come quickly 
if you wish to see me alive and hear how you may help to save the cosmos from 
stark hell. 

Any time will do - I shall not be out of the house. Don't telephone ahead, for 
there is no telling who or what may try to intercept you. And let us pray to 
whatever gods there be that nothing may prevent this meeting. 

In utmost gravity and desperation, 

Charles Dexter Ward. 

P.S. Shoot Dr. Allen on sight and dissolve his body in acid. Don't burn it. 

Dr. Willett received this note about 10:30 a.m., and immediately arranged to 
spare the whole late afternoon and evening for the momentous talk, letting it 
extend on into the night as long as might be necessary. He planned to arrive 
about four o'clock, and through all the intervening hours was so engulfed in 
every sort of wild speculation that most of his tasks were very mechanically 
performed. Maniacal as the letter would have sounded to a stranger, Willett had 
seen too much of Charles Ward's oddities to dismiss it as sheer raving. That 
something very subtle, ancient, and horrible was hovering about he felt quite 
sure, and the reference to Dr. Allen could almost be comprehended in view of 
what Pawtuxet gossip said of Ward's enigmatical colleague. Willett had never 
seen the man, but had heard much of his aspect and bearing, and could not but 
wonder what sort of eyes those much-discussed dark glasses might conceal. 

Promptly at four Dr. Willett presented himself at the Ward residence, but found 
to his annoyance that Charles had not adhered to his determination to remain 
indoors. The guards were there, but said that the young man seemed to have lost 
part of his timidity. He had that morning done much apparently frightened 
arguing and protesting over the telephone, one of the detectives said, replying to 
some unknown voice with phrases such as 'I am very tired and must rest a 
while', 'I can't receive anyone for some time', 'you'll have to excuse me', 'Please 



358 



postpone decisive action till we can arrange some sort of compromise', or 'I am 
very sorry, but I must take a complete vacation from everything; I'll talk with 
you later.' Then, apparently gaining boldness through meditation, he had 
slipped out so quietly that no one had seen him depart or knew that he had gone 
until he returned about one o'clock and entered the house without a word. He 
had gone upstairs, where a bit of his fear must have surged back; for he was 
heard to cry out in a highly terrified fashion upon entering his library, afterward 
trailing off into a kind of choking gasp. When, however, the butler had gone to 
inquire what the trouble was, he had appeared at the door with a great show of 
boldness, and had silently gestured the man away in a manner that terrified him 
unaccountably. Then he had evidently done some rearranging of his shelves, for 
a great clattering and thumping and creaking ensued; after which he had 
reappeared and left at once. Willett inquired whether or not any message had 
been left, but was told that there was no none. The butler seemed queerly 
disturbed about something in Charles's appearance and manner, and asked 
solicitously if there was much hope for a cure of his disordered nerves. 

For almost two hours Dr. Willett waited vainly in Charles Ward's library, 
watching the dusty shelves with their wide gaps where books had been 
removed, and smiling grimly at the panelled overmantel on the north wall, 
whence a year before the suave features of old Joseph Curwen had looked mildly 
down. After a time the shadows began to gather, and the sunset cheer gave place 
to a vague growing terror which flew shadow-like before the night. Mr. Ward 
finally arrived, and shewed much surprise and anger at his son's absence after all 
the pains which had been taken to guard him. He had not known of Charles's 
appointment, and promised to notify Willett when the youth returned. In 
bidding the doctor goodnight he expressed his utter perplexity at his son's 
condition, and urged his caller to do all he could to restore the boy to normal 
poise. Willett was glad to escape from that library, for something frightful and 
unholy seemed to haunt it; as if the vanished picture had left behind a legacy of 
evil. He had never liked that picture; and even now, strong-nerved though he 
was, there lurked a quality in its vacant panel which made him feel an urgent 
need to get out into the pure air as soon as possible. 



The next morning Willett received a message from the senior Ward, saying that 
Charles was still absent. Mr. Ward mentioned that Dr. Allen had telephoned him 
to say that Charles would remain at Pawtuxet for some time, and that he must 
not be disturbed. This was necessary because Allen himself was suddenly called 
away for an indefinite period, leaving the researches in need of Charles's 
constant oversight. Charles sent his best wishes, and regretted any bother his 
abrupt change of plans might have caused. It listening to this message Mr. Ward 



359 



heard Dr. Allen's voice for the first time, and it seemed to excite some vague and 
elusive memory which could not be actually placed, but which was disturbing to 
the point of tearfulness. 

Faced by these baffling and contradictory reports. Dr. Willett was frankly at a 
loss what to do. The frantic earnestness of Charles's note was not to be denied, 
yet what could one think of its writer's immediate violation of his own expressed 
policy? Young Ward had written that his delvings had become blasphemous and 
menacing, that they and his bearded colleague must be extirpated at any cost, 
and that he himself would never return to their final scene; yet according to latest 
advices he had forgotten all this and was back in the thick of the mystery. 
Common sense bade one leave the youth alone with his freakishness, yet some 
deeper instinct would not permit the impression of that frenzied letter to 
subside. Willett read it over again, and could not make its essence sound as 
empty and insane as both its bombastic verbiage and its lack of fulfilment would 
seem to imply. Its terror was too profound and real, and in conjunction with 
what the doctor already knew evoked too vivid hints of monstrosities from 
beyond time and space to permit of any cynical explanation. There were 
nameless horrors abroad; and no matter how little one might be able to get at 
them, one ought to stand prepared for any sort of action at any time. 

For over a week Dr. Willett pondered on the dilemma which seemed thrust upon 
him, and became more and more inclined to pay Charles a call at the Pawtuxet 
bungalow. No friend of the youth had ever ventured to storm this forbidden 
retreat, and even his father knew of its interior only from such descriptions as he 
chose to give; but Willett felt that some direct conversation with his patient was 
necessary. Mr. Ward had been receiving brief and non-committal typed notes 
from his son, and said that Mrs. Ward in her Atlantic City retirement had had no 
better word. So at length the doctor resolved to act; and despite a curious 
sensation inspired by old legends of Joseph Curwen, and by more recent 
revelations and warnings from Charles Ward, set boldly out for the bungalow on 
the bluff above the river. 

Willett had visited the spot before through sheer curiousity, though of course 
never entering the house or proclaiming his presence; hence knew exactly the 
route to take. Driving out Broad Street one early afternoon toward the end of 
February in his small motor, he thought oddly of the grim party which had taken 
that selfsame road a hundred and fifty-seven years before on a terrible errand 
which none might ever comprehend. 

The ride through the city's decaying fringe was short, and trim Edgewood and 
sleepy Pawtuxet presently spread out ahead. Willett turned to the right down 
Lockwood Street and drove his car as far along that rural road as he could, then 



360 



alighted and walked north to where the bluff towered above the lovely bends of 
the river and the sweep of misty downlands beyond. Houses were still few here, 
and there was no mistaking the isolated bungalow with its concrete garage on a 
high point of land at his left. Stepping briskly up the neglected gravel walk he 
rapped at the door with a firm hand, and spoke without a tremor to the evil 
Portuguese mulatto who opened it to the width of a crack. 

He must, he said, see Charles Ward at once on vitally important business. No 
excuse would be accepted, and a repulse would mean only a full report of the 
matter to the elder Ward. The mulatto still hesitated, and pushed against the 
door when Willett attempted to open it; but the doctor merely raised his voice 
and renewed his demands. Then there came from the dark interior a husky 
whisper which somehow chilled the hearer through and through though he did 
not know why he feared it. 'Let him in, Tony,' it said, 'we may as well talk now 
as ever.' But disturbing as was the whisper, the greater fear was that which 
immediately followed. The floor creaked and the speaker hove in sight - and the 
owner of those strange and resonant tones was seen to be no other than Charles 
Dexter Ward. 

The minuteness with which Dr. Willett recalled and recorded his conversation of 
that afternoon is due to the importance he assigns to this particular period. For at 
last he concedes a vital change in Charles Dexter Ward's mentality, and believes 
that the youth now spoke from a brain hopelessly alien to the brain whose 
growth he had watched for six and twenty years. Controversy with Dr. Lyman 
has compelled him to be very specific, and he definitely dates the madness of 
Charles Ward from the time the typewritten notes began to reach his parents. 
Those notes are not in Ward's normal style; not even in the style of that last 
frantic letter to Willett. Instead, they are strange and archaic, as if the snapping of 
the writer's mind had released a flood of tendencies and impressions picked up 
unconsciously through boyhood antiquarianism. There is an obvious effort to be 
modern, but the spirit and occasionally the language are those of the past. 

The past, too, was evident in Ward's every tone and gesture as he received the 
doctor in that shadowy bungalow. He bowed, motioned Willett to a seat, and 
began to speak abruptly in that strange whisper which he sought to explain at 
the very outset. 

'I am grown phthisical,' he began, 'from this cursed river air. You must excuse 
my speech. I suppose you are come from my father to see what ails me, and I 
hope you will say nothing to alarm him.' 

Willett was studying these scraping tones with extreme care, but studying even 
more closely the face of the speaker. Something, he felt, was wrong; and he 



361 



thought of what the family had told him about the fright of that Yorkshire butler 
one night. He wished it were not so dark, but did not request that the blind be 
opened. Instead, he merely asked Ward why he had so belied the frantic note of 
little more than a week before. 

'I was coming to that,' the host replied. 'You must know, I am in a very bad state 
of nerves, and do and say queer things I cannot account for. As I have told you 
often, I am on the edge of great matters; and the bigness of them has a way of 
making me light-headed. Any man might well be frighted of what I have found, 
but I am not to be put off for long. I was a dunce to have that guard and stick at 
home; for having gone this far, my place is here. I am not well spoke of my 
prying neighbours, and perhaps I was led by weakness to believe myself what 
they say of me. There is no evil to any in what I do, so long as I do it rightly. 
Have the goodness to wait six months, and I'll shew you what will pay your 
patience well.' 

'You may as well know I have a way of learning old matters from things surer 
than books, and I'll leave you to judge the importance of what I can give to 
history, philosophy, and the arts by reason of the doors I have access to. My 
ancestor had all this when those witless peeping Toms came and murdered him. 
I now have it again, or am coming very imperfectly to have a part of it. This time 
nothing must happen, and least of all though any idiot fears of my own. Pray 
forget all I writ you. Sir, and have no fear of this place or any in it. Dr. Allen is a 
man of fine parts, and I own him an apology for anything ill I have said of him. I 
wish I had no need to spare him, but there were things he had to do elsewhere. 
His zeal is equal to mine in all those matters, and I suppose that when I feared 
the work I feared him too as my greatest helper in it.' 

Ward paused, and the doctor hardly knew what to say or think. He felt almost 
foolish in the face of this calm repudiation of the letter; and yet there clung to 
him the fact that while the present discourse was strange and alien and 
indubitably mad, the note itself had been tragic in its naturalness and likeness to 
the Charles Ward he knew. Willett now tried to turn the talk on early matters, 
and recall to the youth some past events which would restore a familiar mood; 
but in this process he obtained only the most grotesque results. It was the same 
with all the alienists later on. Important sections of Charles Ward's store of 
mental images, mainly those touching modern times and his own personal life, 
had been unaccountably expunged; whilst all the massed antiquarianism of his 
youth had welled up from some profound subconsciousness to engulf the 
contemporary and the individual. The youth's intimate knowledge of elder 
things was abnormal and unholy, and he tried his best to hide it. When Willett 
would mention some favourite object of his boyhood archaistic studies he often 



362 



shed by pure accident such a hght as no normal mortal could conceivably be 
expected to possess, and the doctor shuddered as the glib allusion glided by. 

It was not wholesome to know so much about the way the fat sheriff's wig fell off 
as he leaned over at the play in Mr. Douglass's Histrionick Academy in King 
Street on the eleventh of February, 1762, which fell on a Thursday; or about how 
the actors cut the text of Steele's Conscious Lover so badly that one was almost 
glad the Baptist-ridden legislature closed the theatre a fortnight later. That 
Thomas Sabin's Boston coach was "damn'd uncomfortable" old letters may well 
have told; but what healthy antiquarian could recall how the creaking of 
Epenetus Olney's new signboard (the gaudy crown he set up after he took to 
calling his tavern the Crown Coffee House) was exactly like the first few notes of 
the new jazz piece all the radios in Pawtuxet were playing? 

Ward, however, would not be quizzed long in this vein. Modern and personal 
topics he waved aside quite summarily, whilst regarding antique affairs he soon 
shewed the plainest boredom. What he wished clearly enough was only to 
satisfy his visitor enough to make him depart without the intention of returning. 
To this end he offered to shew Willett the entire house, and at once proceeded to 
lead the doctor through every room from cellar to attic. Willett looked sharply, 
but noted that the visible books were far too few and trivial to have ever filled 
the wide gaps on Ward's shelves at home, and that the meagre so-called 
"laboratory" was the flimsiest sort of a blind. Clearly, there were a library and a 
laboratory elsewhere; but just where, it was impossible to say. Essentially 
defeated in his quest for something he could not name, Willett returned to town 
before evening and told the senior Ward everything which had occurred. They 
agreed that the youth must be definitely out of his mind, but decided that 
nothing drastic need be done just then. Above all, Mrs. Ward must be kept in as 
complete an ignorance as her son's own strange typed notes would permit. 

Mr. Ward now determined to call in person upon his son, making it wholly a 
surprise visit. Dr. Willett took him in his car one evening, guiding him to within 
sight of the bungalow and waiting patiently for his return. The session was a 
long one, and the father emerged in a very saddened and perplexed state. His 
reception had developed much like Willett's, save that Charles had been an 
excessively long time in appearing after the visitor had forced his way into the 
hall and sent the Portuguese away with an imperative demand; and in the 
bearing of the altered son there was no trace of filial affection. The lights had 
been dim, yet even so the youth had complained that they dazzled him 
outrageously. He had not spoken out loud at all, averring that his throat was in 
very poor condition; but in his hoarse whisper there was a quality so vaguely 
disturbing that Mr. Ward could not banish it from his mind. 



363 



Now definitely leagued together to do all they could toward the youth's mental 
salvation, Mr. Ward and Dr. Willett set about collecting every scrap of data 
which the case might afford. Pawtuxet gossip was the first item they studied, and 
this was relatively easy to glean since both had friends in that region. Dr. Willett 
obtained the most rumours because people talked more frankly to him than to a 
parent of the central figure, and from all he heard he could tell that young 
Ward's life had become indeed a strange one. Common tongues would not 
dissociate his household from the vampirism of the previous summer, while the 
nocturnal comings and goings of the motor trucks provided their share of dark 
speculations. Local tradesmen spoke of the queerness of the orders brought them 
by the evil-looking mulatto, and in particular of the inordinate amounts of mean 
and fresh blood secured from the two butcher shops in the immediate 
neighbourhood. For a household of only three, these quantities were quite 
absurd. 

Then there was the matter of the sounds beneath the earth. Reports of these 
things were harder to point down, but all the vague hints tallied in certain basic 
essentials. Noises of a ritual nature positively existed, and at times when the 
bungalow was dark. They might, of course, have come from the known cellar; 
but rumour insisted that there were deeper and more spreading crypts. Recalling 
the ancient tales of Joseph Curwen's catacombs, and assuming for granted that 
the present bungalow had been selected because of its situation on the old 
Curwen site as revealed in one of another of the documents found behind the 
picture, Willett and Mr. Ward gave this phase of the gossip much attention; and 
searched many times without success for the door in the river-bank which old 
manuscripts mentioned. As to popular opinions of the bungalow's various 
inhabitants, it was soon plain that the Brava Portuguese was loathed, the 
bearded and spectacled Dr. Allen feared, and the pallid young scholar disliked to 
a profound degree. During the last week or two Ward had obviously changed 
much, abandoning his attempts at affability and speaking only in hoarse but 
oddly repellent whispers on the few occasions that he ventured forth. 

Such were the shreds and fragments gathered here and there; and over these Mr. 
Ward and Dr. Willett held many long and serious conferences. They strove to 
exercise deduction, induction, and constructive imagination to their utmost 
extent; and to correlate every known fact of Charles's later life, including the 
frantic letter which the doctor now shewed the father, with the meagre 
documentary evidence available concerning old Joseph Curwen. They would 
have given much for a glimpse of the papers Charles had found, for very clearly 
the key to the youth's madness lay in what he had learned of the ancient wizard 
and his doings. 



364 



And yet, after all, it was from no step of Mr. Ward's or Dr. Willett's that the next 
move in this singular case proceeded. The father and the physician, rebuffed and 
confused by a shadow too shapeless and intangible to combat, had rested 
uneasily on their oars while the typed notes of young Ward to his parents grew 
fewer and fewer. Then came the first of the month with its customary financial 
adjustments, and the clerks at certain banks began a peculiar shaking of heads 
and telephoning from one to the other. Officials who knew Charles Ward by 
sight went down to the bungalow to ask why every cheque of his appearing at 
this juncture was a clumsy forgery, and were reassured less than they ought to 
have been when the youth hoarsely explained that he hand had lately been so 
much affected by a nervous shock as to make normal writing impossible. He 
could, he said, from no written characters at all except with great difficulty; and 
could prove it by the fact that he had been forced to type all his recent letters, 
even those to his father and mother, who would bear out the assertion. 

What made the investigators pause in confusion was not this circumstance alone, 
for that was nothing unprecedented or fundamentally suspicious, nor even the 
Pawtuxet gossip, of which one or two of them had caught echoes. It was the 
muddled discourse of the young man which nonplussed them, implying as it did 
a virtually total loss of memory concerning important monetary matters which 
he had had at his fingertips only a month or two before. Something was wrong; 
for despite the apparent coherence and rationality of his speech, there could be 
no normal reason for this ill-concealed blankness on vital points. Moreover, 
although none of these men knew Ward well, they could not help observing the 
change in his language and manner. They had heard he was an antiquarian, but 
even the most hopeless antiquarians do not make daily use of obsolete 
phraseology and gestures. Altogether, this combination of hoarseness, palsied 
hands, bad memory, and altered speech and bearing must represent some 
disturbance or malady of genuine gravity, which no doubt formed the basis of 
the prevailing odd rumours; and after their departure the party of officials 
decided that a talk with the senior Ward was imperative. 

So on the sixth of March, 1928, there was a long and serious conference in Mr. 
Ward's office, after which the utterly bewildered father summoned Dr. Willett in 
a kind of helpless resignation. Willett looked over the strained and awkward 
signatures of the cheque, and compared them in his mind with the penmanship 
of that last frantic note. Certainly, the change was radical and profound, and yet 
there was something damnably familiar about the new writing. It had crabbed 
and archaic tendencies of a very curious sort, and seemed to result from a type of 
stroke utterly different from that which the youth had always used. It was 
strange - but where had he seen it before? On the whole, it was obvious that 
Charles was insane. Of that there could be no doubt. And since it appeared 
unlikely that he could handle his property or continue to deal with the outside 



365 



world much longer, something must quickly be done toward his oversight and 
possible cure. It was then that the alienists were called in, Drs. Peck and Waite of 
Providence and Dr. Lyman of Boston, to whom Mr. Ward and Dr. Willett gave 
the most exhaustive possible history of the case, and who conferred at length in 
the now unused library of their young patient, examining what books and 
papers of his were left in order to gain some further notion of his habitual mental 
cast. After scanning this material and examining the ominous note to Willett they 
all agreed that Charles Ward's studies had been enough to unseat or at least to 
warp any ordinary intellect, and wished most heartily that they could see his 
more intimate volumes and documents; but this latter they knew they could do, 
if at all, only after a scene at the bungalow itself. Willett now reviewed the whole 
case with febrile energy; it being at this time that he obtained the statements of 
the workmen who had seen Charles find the Curwen documents, and that he 
collated the incidents of the destroyed newspaper items, looking up the latter at 
the Journal office. 

On Thursday, the eighth of March, Drs. Willett, Peck, Lyman, and Waite, 
accompanied by Mr. Ward, paid the youth their momentous call; making no 
concealment of their object and questioning the now acknowledged patient with 
extreme minuteness. Charles, although he was inordinately long in answering 
the summons and was still redolent of strange and noxious laboratory odours 
when he did finally make his agitated appearance, proved a far from recalcitrant 
subject; and admitted freely that his memory and balance had suffered 
somewhat from close application to abstruse studies. He offered no resistance 
when his removal to other quarters was insisted upon; and seemed, indeed, to 
display a high degree of intelligence as apart from mere memory. His conduct 
would have sent his interviewers away in bafflement had not the persistently 
archaic trend of his speech and unmistakable replacement of modern by ancient 
ideas in his consciousness marked him out as one definitely removed from the 
normal. Of his work he would say no more to the group of doctors than he had 
formerly said to his family and to Dr. Willett, and his frantic note of the previous 
month he dismissed as mere nerves and hysteria. He insisted that this shadowy 
bungalow possessed no library possessed no library or laboratory beyond the 
visible ones, and waxed abstruse in explaining the absence from the house of 
such odours as now saturated all his clothing. Neighbourhood gossip he 
attributed to nothing more than the cheap inventiveness of baffled curiousity. Of 
the whereabouts of Dr. Allen he said he did not feel at liberty to speak definitely, 
but assured his inquisitors that the bearded and spectacled man would return 
when needed. In paying off the stolid Brava who resisted all questioning by the 
visitors, and in closing the bungalow which still seemed to hold such nighted 
secrets. Ward shewed no signs of nervousness save a barely noticed tendency to 
pause as though listening for something very faint. He was apparently animated 
by a calmly philosophic resignation, as if he removal were the merest transient 



366 



incident which would cause the least trouble if facilitated and disposed of once 
and for all. It was clear that he trusted to his obviously unimpaired keenness of 
absolute mentality to overcome all the embarrassments into which his twisted 
memory, his lost voice and handwriting, and his secretive and eccentric 
behaviour had led him. His mother, it was agreed, was not to be told of the 
change; his father supplying typed notes in his name. Ward was taken to the 
restfuUy and picturesquely situated private hospital maintained by Dr. Waite on 
Conanicut Island in the bay, and subjected to the closest scrutiny and 
questioning by all the physicians connected with the case. It was then that the 
physical oddities were noticed; the slackened metabolism, the altered skin, and 
the disproportionate neural reactions. Dr. Willett was the most perturbed of the 
various examiners, for he had attended Ward all his life and could appreciate 
with terrible keenness the extent of his physical disorganisation. Even the 
familiar olive mark on his hip was gone, while on his chest was a great black 
mole or cicatrice which had never been there before, and which made Willett 
wonder whether the youth had ever submitted to any of the witch markings 
reputed to be inflicted at certain unwholesome nocturnal meetings in wild and 
lonely places. The doctor could not keep his mind off a certain transcribed witch- 
trial record from Salem which Charles had shewn him in the old non-secretive 
days, and which read: 'Mr. G. B. on that Nighte putt ye Divell his Marke upon 
Bridget S., Jonathan A., Simon O., Deliverance W., Joseph C, Susan P., Mehitable 
C, and Deborah B.' Ward's face, too, troubled him horribly, till at length he 
suddenly discovered why he was horrified. For above the young man's right eye 
was something which he had never previously noticed - a small scar or pit 
precisely like that in the crumbled painting of old Joseph Curwen, and perhaps 
attesting some hideous ritualistic inoculation to which both had submitted at a 
certain stage of their occult careers. 

While Ward himself was puzzling all the doctors at the hospital a very strict 
watch was kept on all mail addressed either to him or to Dr. Allen, which Mr. 
Ward had ordered delivered at the family home. Willett had predicted that very 
little would be found, since any communications of a vital nature would 
probably have been exchanged by messenger; but in the latter part of March 
there did come a letter from Prague for Dr. Allen which gave both the doctor and 
the father deep thought. It was in a very crabbed and archaic hand; and though 
clearly not the effort of a foreigner, shewed almost as singular a departure from 
modern English as the speech of young Ward himself. It read: 

Kleinstrasse 11, 

Altstadt, Prague, 

11th Feby. 1928. 

Brother in Almonsin-Metraton:- 



367 



I this day receiv'd yr mention of what came up from the Sahes I sent you. It was 
wrong, and meanes clearly that ye Headstones had been chang'd when Barnabas 
gott me the Specimen. It is often so, as you must be sensible of from the Thing 
you gott from ye Kings Chapell ground in 1769 and what H. gott from Olde 
Bury'g Point in 1690, that was like to ende him. I gott such a Thing in Aegypt 7b 
yeares gone, from the which came that Scar ye Boy saw on me here in 1924. As I 
told you longe ago, do not calle up That which you can not put downe; either 
from dead Saltes or out of ye Spheres beyond. Have ye Wordes for laying at all 
times readie, and stopp not to be sure when there is any Doubte of Whom you 
have. Stones are all chang'd now in Nine groundes out of 10. You are never sure 
till you question. I this day heard from H., who has had Trouble with the 
Soldiers. He is like to be sorry Transylvania is pass't from Hungary to Roumania, 
and wou'd change his Seat if the Castel weren't so fulle of What we Knowe. But 
of this he hath doubtless writ you. In my next Send'g there will be Somewhat 
from a Hill tomb from ye East that will delight you greatly. Meanwhile forget not 
I am desirous of B. F. if you can possibly get him for me. You know G. in Philada. 
better than I. Have him upp firste if you will, but doe not use him soe hard he 
will be Difficult, for I must speake to him in ye End. 

Yogg-Sothoth Neblod Zin 

Simon O. 

To Mr. J. C. in 

Providence. 

Mr. Ward and Dr. Willett paused in utter chaos before this apparent bit of 
unrelieved insanity. Only by degrees did they absorb what it seemed to imply. 
So the absent Dr. Allen, and not Charles Ward, had come to be the leading spirit 
at Pawtuxet? That must explain the wild reference and denunciation in the 
youth's last frantic letter. And what of this addressing of the bearded and 
spectacled stranger as "Mr. J. C"? There was no escaping the inference, but there 
are limits to possible monstrosity. Who was "Simon O."; the old man Ward had 
visited in Prague four years previously? Perhaps, but in the centuries behind 
there had been another Simon O. - Simon Orne, alias Jedediah, of Salem, who 
vanished in 1771, and whose peculiar handwriting Dr. Willett now unmistakably 
recognised from the photostatic copies of the Orne formulae which Charles had 
once shown him. What horrors and mysteries, what contradictions and 
contraventions of Nature, had come back after a century and a half to harass Old 
Providence with her clustered spires and domes? 

The father and the old physician, virtually at a loss what to do or think, went to 
see Charles at the hospital and questioned him as delicately as they could about 
Dr. Allen, about the Prague visit, and about what he had learned of Simon or 



368 



Jedediah Orne of Salem. To all these enquiries the youth was politely non- 
committal, merely barking in his hoarse whisper that he had found Dr. Allen to 
have a remarkable spiritual rapport with certain souls from the past, and that 
any correspondent the bearded man might have in Prague would probably be 
similarly gifted. When they left, Mr. Ward and Dr. Willett realised to their 
chagrin that they had really been the ones under catechism; and that without 
imparting anything vital himself, the confined youth had adroitly pumped them 
of everything the Prague letter had contained. 

Drs. Peck, Waite, and Lyman were not inclined to attach much importance to the 
strange correspondence of young Ward's companion; for they knew the 
tendency of kindred eccentrics and monomaniacs to band together, and believed 
that Charles or Allen had merely unearthed an expatriated counterpart - perhaps 
one who had seen Orne's handwriting and copied it in an attempt to pose as the 
bygone character's reincarnation. Allen himself was perhaps a similar case, and 
may have persuaded the youth into accepting him as an avatar of the long-dead 
Curwen. Such things had been known before, and on the same basis the hard- 
headed doctors disposed of Willett's growing disquiet about Charles Ward's 
present handwriting, as studied from unpremeditated specimens obtained by 
various ruses. Willett thought he had placed its odd familiarity at last, and that 
what it vaguely resembled was the bygone penmanship of old Joseph Curwen 
himself; but this the other physicians regarded as a phase of imitativeness only to 
be expected in a mania of this sort, and refused to grant it any importance either 
favourable or unfavourable. Recognising this prosaic attitude in his colleagues, 
Willett advised Mr. Ward to keep to himself the letter which arrived for Dr. Allen 
on the second of April from Rakus, Transylvania, in a handwriting so intensely 
and fundamentally like that of the Hutchinson cipher that both father and 
physician paused in awe before breaking the seal. This read as follows: 

Castle Ferenczy 

7 March 1928. 

Dear C.:- 

Hadd a Squad of 20 Militia up to talk about what the Country Folk say. Must 
digg deeper and have less Hearde. These Roumanians plague me damnably, 
being officious and particular where you cou'd buy a Magyar off with a Drinke 
and Food. 

Last monthe M. got me ye Sarcophagus of ye Five Sphinxes from ye Acropolis 
where He whome I call'd up say'd it wou'd be, and I have hadde 3 Talkes with 
What was therein inhum'd. It will go to S. O. in Prague directly, and thence to 
you. It is stubborn but you know ye Way with Such. 



369 



You shew Wisdom in having lesse about than Before; for there was no Neede to 
keep the Guards in Shape and eat'g off their Heads, and it made Much to be 
founde in Case of Trouble, as you too welle knowe. You can now move and 
worke elsewhere with no Kill'g Trouble if needful, tho' I hope no Thing will soon 
force you to so Bothersome a Course. 

I rejoice that you traffick not so much with Those Outside; for there was ever a 
Mortall Peril in it, and you are sensible what it did when you ask'd Protection of 
One not dispos'd to give it. 

You excel me in gett'g ye Formulae so another may saye them with Success, but 
Borellus fancy'd it wou'd be so if just ye right Wordes were hadd. Does ye Boy 
use 'em often? I regret that he growes squeamish, as I fear'd he wou'd when I 
hadde him here nigh 15 Monthes, but am sensible you knowe how to deal with 
him. You can't saye him down with ye Formula, for that will Worke only upon 
such as ye other Formula hath call'd up from Saltes; but you still have strong 
Handes and Knife and Pistol, and Graves are not harde to digg, nor Acids loth to 
burne. 

O. sayes you have promis'd him B. F. I must have him after. B. goes to you soone, 
and may he give you what you wishe of that Darke Thing belowe Memphis. 
Imploy care in what you calle up, and beware of ye Boy. 

It will be ripe in a yeare's time to have up ye Legions from Underneath, and then 
there are no Boundes to what shal be oures. Have Confidence in what I saye, for 
you knowe O. and I have hadd these 150 yeares more than you to consulte these 
Matters in. 

Nephreu - Ka nai Hadoth 

Edw. H. 

For J Curwen, Esq. 

Providence. 

But if Willett and Mr. Ward refrained from shewing this letter to the alienists, 
they did not refrain from acting upon it themselves. No amount of learned 
sophistry could controvert the fact that the strangely bearded and spectacled Dr. 
Allen, of whom Charles's frantic letter had spoken as such a monstrous menace, 
was in close and sinister correspondence with two inexplicable creatures whom 
Ward had visited in his travels and who plainly claimed to be survivals or 
avatars of Curwen's old Salem colleagues; that he was regarding himself as the 
reincarnation of Joseph Curwen, and that he entertained - or was at least advised 
to entertain - murderous designs against a "boy" who could scarcely be other 



370 



than Charles Ward. There was organised horror afoot; and no matter who had 
started it, the missing Allen was by this time at the bottom of it. Therefore, 
thanking heaven that Charles was now safe in the hospital, Mr. Ward lost no 
time in engaging detectives to learn all they could of the cryptic, bearded doctor; 
finding whence he had come and what Pawtuxet knew of him, and if possible 
discovering his present whereabouts. Supplying the men with one of the 
bungalow keys which Charles yielded up, he urged them to explore Allen's 
vacant room which had been identified when the patient's belongings had been 
packed; obtaining what clues they could from any effects he might have left 
about. Mr. Ward talked with the detectives in his son's old library, and they felt a 
marked relief when they left it at last; for there seemed to hover about the place a 
vague aura of evil. Perhaps it was what they had heard of the infamous old 
wizard whose picture had once stared from the panelled overmantel, and 
perhaps it was something different and irrelevant; but in any case they all half 
sensed an intangible miasma which centred in that carven vestige of an older 
dwelling and which at times almost rose to the intensity of a material emanation. 

V. A Nightmare and a Cataclysm 



And now swiftly followed that hideous experience which has left its indelible 
mark of fear on the soul of Marinus Bicknell Willett, and has added a decade to 
the visible age of one whose youth was even then far behind. Dr. Willett had 
conferred at length with Mr. Ward, and had come to an agreement with him on 
several points which both felt the alienists would ridicule. There was, they 
conceded, a terrible movement alive in the world, whose direct connexion with a 
necromancy even older than the Salem witchcraft could not be doubted. That at 
least two living men - and one other of whom they dared not think - were in 
absolute possession of minds or personalities which had functioned as early as 
1690 or before was likewise almost unassailably proved even in the face of all 
known natural laws. What these horrible creatures - and Charles Ward as well - 
were doing or trying to do seemed fairly clear from their letters and from every 
bit of light both old and new which had filtered in upon the case. They were 
robbing the tombs of all the ages, including those of the world's wisest and 
greatest men, in the hope of recovering from the bygone ashes some vestige of 
the consciousness and lore which had once animated and informed them. 

A hideous traffic was going on among these nightmare ghouls, whereby 
illustrious bones were bartered with the calm calculativeness of schoolboys 
swapping books; and from what was extorted from this centuried dust there was 
anticipated a power and a wisdom beyond anything which the cosmos had ever 
seen concentred in one man or group. They had found unholy ways to keep their 



371 



brains alive, either in the same body or different bodies; and had evidently 
achieved a way of tapping the consciousness of the dead whom they gathered 
together. There had, it seems, been some truth in chimerical old Borellus when he 
wrote of preparing from even the most antique remains certain "Essential Saltes" 
from which the shade of a long-dead living thing might be raised up. There was 
a formula for evoking such a shade, and another for putting it down; and it had 
now been so perfected that it could be taught successfully. One must be careful 
about evocations, for the markers of old graves are not always accurate. 

Willett and Mr. Ward shivered as they passed from conclusion to conclusion. 
Things - presences or voices of some sort - could be drawn down from unknown 
places as well as from the grave, and in this process also one must be careful. 
Joseph Curwen had indubitably evoked many forbidden things, and as for 
Charles - what might one think of him? What forces "outside the spheres" had 
reached him from Joseph Curwen's day and turned his mind on forgotten 
things? He had been led to find certain directions, and he had used them. He had 
talked with the man of horror in Prague and stayed long with the creature in the 
mountains of Transylvania. And he must have found the grave of Joseph 
Curwen at last. That newspaper item and what his mother had heard in the night 
were too significant to overlook. Then he had summoned something, and it must 
have come. That mighty voice aloft on Good Friday, and those different tones in 
the locked attic laboratory. What were they like, with their depth and 
hoUowness? Was there not here some awful foreshadowing of the dreaded 
stranger Dr. Allen with his spectral bass? Yes, that was what Mr. Ward had felt 
with vague horror in his single talk with the man - if man it were - over the 
telephone! 

What hellish consciousness or voice, what morbid shade or presence, had come 
to answer Charles Ward's secret rites behind that locked door? Those voices 
heard in argument - "must have it red for three months" - Good God! Was not 
that just before the vampirism broke out? The rifling of Ezra Weeden's ancient 
grave, and the cries later at Pawtuxet - whose mind had planned the vengeance 
and rediscovered the shunned seat of elder blasphemies? And then the 
bungalow and the bearded stranger, and the gossip, and the fear. The final 
madness of Charles neither father nor doctor could attempt to explain, but they 
did feel sure that the mind of Joseph Curwen had come to earth again and was 
following its ancient morbidities. Was daemoniac possession in truth a 
possibility? Allen had something to do with it, and the detectives must find out 
more about one whose existence menaced the young man's life. In the meantime, 
since the existence of some vast crypt beneath the bungalow seemed virtually 
beyond dispute, some effort must be made to find it. Willett and Mr. Ward, 
conscious of the sceptical attitude of the alienists, resolved during their final 
conference to undertake a joint secret exploration of unparalleled thoroughness; 



372 



and agreed to meet at the bungalow on the following morning with valises and 
with certain tools and accessories suited to architectural search and underground 
exploration. 

The morning of April 6th dawned clear, and both explorers were at the 
bungalow by ten o'clock. Mr. Ward had the key, and an entry and cursory 
survey were made. From the disordered condition of Dr. Allen's room it was 
obvious that the detectives had been there before, and the later searchers hoped 
that they had found some clue which might prove of value. Of course the main 
business lay in the cellar; so thither they descended without much delay, again 
making the circuit which each had vainly made before in the presence of the mad 
young owner. For a time everything seemed baffling, each inch of the earthen 
floor and stone walls having so solid and innocuous an aspect that the thought of 
a yearning aperture was scarcely to be entertained. Willett reflected that since the 
original cellar was dug without knowledge of any catacombs beneath, the 
beginning of the passage would represent the strictly modern delving of young 
Ward and his associates, where they had probed for the ancient vaults whose 
rumour could have reached them by no wholesome means. 

The doctor tried to put himself in Charles's place to see how a delver would be 
likely to start, but could not gain much inspiration from this method. Then he 
decided on elimination as a policy, and went carefully over the whole 
subterranean surface both vertical and horizontal, trying to account for every 
inch separately. He was soon substantially narrowed down, and at last had 
nothing left but the small platform before the washtubs, which he tried once 
before in vain. Now experimenting in every possible way, and exerting a double 
strength, he finally found that the top did indeed turn and slide horizontally on a 
corner pivot. Beneath it lay a trim concrete surface with an iron manhole, to 
which Mr. Ward at once rushed with excited zeal. The cover was not hard to lift, 
and the father had quite removed it when Willett noticed the queerness of his 
aspect. He was swaying and nodding dizzily, and in the gust of noxious air 
which swept up from the black pit beneath the doctor soon recognised ample 
cause. 

In a moment Dr. Willett had his fainting companion on the floor above and was 
reviving him with cold water. Mr. Ward responded feebly, but it could be seen 
that the mephitic blast from the crypt had in some way gravely sickened him. 
Wishing to take no chances, Willett hastened out to Broad Street for a taxicab and 
had soon dispatched the sufferer home despite his weak-voiced protests; after 
which he produced an electric torch, covered his nostrils with a band of sterile 
gauze, and descended once more to peer into the new-found depths. The foul air 
had now slightly abated, and Willett was able to send a beam of light down the 
Stygian hold. For about ten feet, he saw, it was a sheer cylindrical drop with 



373 



concrete walls and an iron ladder; after which the hole appeared to strike a flight 
of old stone steps which must originally have emerged to earth somewhat 
southwest of the present building. 



Willett freely admits that for a moment the memory of the old Curwen legends 
kept him from climbing down alone into that malodorous gulf. He could not 
help thinking of what Like Fenner had reported on that last monstrous night. 
Then duty asserted itself and he made the plunge, carrying a great valise for the 
removal of whatever papers might prove of supreme importance. Slowly, as 
befitted one of his years, he descended the ladder and reached the slimy steps 
below. This was ancient masonry, his torch told him; and upon the dripping 
walls he saw the unwholesome moss of centuries. Down, down, ran the steps; 
not spirally, but in three abrupt turns; and with such narrowness that two men 
could have passed only with difficulty. He had counted about thirty when a 
sound reached him very faintly; and after that he did not feel disposed to count 
any more. 

It was a godless sound; one of those low-keyed, insidious outrages of Nature 
which are not meant to be. To call it a dull wail, a doom-dragged whine, or a 
hopeless howl of chorused anguish and stricken flesh without mind would be to 
miss its quintessential loathsomeness and soul-sickening overtones. Was it for 
this that Ward had seemed to listen on that day he was removed? It was the most 
shocking thing that Willett had ever heard, and it continued from no determinate 
point as the doctor reached the bottom of the steps and cast his torchlight around 
on lofty corridor walls surmounted by Cyclopean vaulting and pierced by 
numberless black archways. The hall in which he stood was perhaps fourteen 
feet high in the middle of the vaulting and ten or twelve feet broad. Its pavement 
was of large chipped flagstone, and its walls and roof were of dressed masonry. 
Its length he could not imagine, for it stretched ahead indefinitely into the 
blackness. Of the archways, some had doors of the old six-panelled colonial type, 
whilst others had none. 

Overcoming the dread induced by the smell and the howling, Willett began to 
explore these archways one by one; finding beyond them rooms with groined 
stone ceilings, each of medium size and apparently of bizarre used. Most of them 
had fireplaces, the upper courses of whose chimneys would have formed an 
interesting study in engineering. Never before or since had he seen such 
instruments or suggestions of instruments as here loomed up on every hand 
through the burying dust and cobwebs of a century and a half, in many cases 
evidently shattered as if by the ancient raiders. For many of the chambers 
seemed wholly untrodden by modern feet, and must have represented the 



374 



earliest and most obsolete phases of Joseph Curwen's experimentation. Finally 
there came a room of obvious modernity, or at least of recent occupancy. There 
were oil heaters, bookshelves and tables, chairs and cabinets, and a desk piled 
high with papers of varying antiquity and contemporaneousness. Candlesticks 
and oil lamps stood about in several places; and finding a match-safe handy, 
Willett lighted such as were ready for use. 

In the fuller gleam it appeared that this apartment was nothing less than the 
latest study or library of Charles Ward. Of the books the doctor had seen many 
before, and a good part of the furniture had plainly come from the Prospect 
Street mansion. Here and there was a piece well known to Willett, and the sense 
of familiarity became so great that he half forgot the noisomness and the wailing, 
both of which were plainer here than they had been at the foot of the steps. His 
first duty, as planned long ahead, was to find and seize any papers which might 
seem of vital importance; especially those portentous documents found by 
Charles so long ago behind the picture in Olney Court. As he search he perceived 
how stupendous a task the final unravelling would be; for file on file was stuffed 
with papers in curious hands and bearing curious designs, so that months or 
even years might be needed for a thorough deciphering and editing. Once he 
found three large packets of letters with Prague and Rakus postmarks, and in 
writing clearly recognisable as Orne's and Hutchinson's; all of which he took 
with him as part of the bundle to be removed in his valise. 

At last, in a locked mahogany cabinet once gracing the Ward home, Willett 
found the batch of old Curwen papers; recognising them from the reluctant 
glimpse Charles had granted him so many years ago. The youth had evidently 
kept them together very much as they had been when first he found them, since 
all the titles recalled by the workmen were present except the papers addressed 
to Orne and Hutchinson, and the cipher with its key. Willett placed the entire lot 
in his valise and continued his examination of the files. Since young Ward's 
immediate condition was the greatest matter at stake, the closest searching was 
done among the most obviously recent matter; and in this abundance of 
contemporary manuscript one very baffling oddity was noted. The oddity was 
the slight amount in Charles's normal writing, which indeed included nothing 
more recent than two months before. On the other hand, there were literally 
reams of symbols and formulae, historical notes and philosophical comment, in a 
crabbed penmanship absolutely identical with the ancient script of Joseph 
Curwen, though of undeniably modern dating. Plainly, a part of the latter-day 
programme had been a sedulous imitation of the old wizard's writing, which 
Charles seemed to have carried to a marvellous state of perfection. Of any third 
hand which might have been Allen's there was not a trace. If he had indeed come 
to be the leader, he must have forced young Ward to act as his amanuensis. 



375 



In this new material one mystic formula, or rather pair of formulae, recurred so 
often that Willett had it by heart before he had half finished his quest. It 
consisted of two parallel columns, the left-hand one surmounted by the archaic 
symbol called "Dragon's Head" and used in almanacs to indicate the ascending 
node, and the right-hand one headed by a corresponding sign of "Dragon's Tail" 
or descending node. The appearance of the whole was something like this, and 
almost unconsciously the doctor realised that the second half was no more than 
the first written syllabically backward with the exception of the final 
monosyllables and of the odd name Yog-Sothoth, which he had come to 
recognise under various spellings from other things he had seen in connexion 
with this horrible matter. The formulae were as follows - exactly so, as Willett is 
abundantly able to testify - and the first one struck an odd note of uncomfortable 
latent memory in his brain, which he recognised later when reviewing the events 
of that horrible Good Friday of the previous year. 

Y'AI 'NG'NGAH, 

YOG-SOTHOTH 

H'EE-L'GEB 

F'AI THRODOG 

UAAAH 

OGTHROD AI'F 

GEB'L-EE'H 

YOG-SOTHOTH 

'NGAH'NG AI'Y 

ZHRO 

So haunting were these formulae, and so frequently did he come upon them, that 
before the doctor knew it he was repeating them under his breath. Eventually, 
however, he felt he had secured all the papers he could digest to advantage for 
the present; hence resolved to examine no more till he could bring the sceptical 
alienists en masse for an ampler and more systematic raid. He had still to find 
the hidden laboratory, so leaving his valise in the lighted room he emerged again 
into the black noisome corridor whose vaulting echoed ceaseless with that dull 
and hideous whine. 

The next few rooms he tried were all abandoned, or filled only with crumbling 
boxes and ominous-looking leaden coffins; but impressed him deeply with the 
magnitude of Joseph Curwen's original operations. He thought of the slaves and 
seamen who had disappeared, of the graves which had been violated in every 
part of the world, and of what that final raiding party must have seen; and then 
he decided it was better not to think any more. Once a great stone staircase 
mounted at his right, and he deduced that this must have reached to one of the 



376 



Curwen outbuildings - perhaps the famous stone edifice with the high sht-Hke 
windows - provided the steps he had descended had led from the steep-roofed 
farmhouse. Suddenly the walls seemed to fall away ahead, and the stench and 
the wailing grew stronger. Willett saw that he had come upon a vast open space, 
so great that his torchlight would not carry across it; and as he advanced he 
encountered occasional stout pillars supporting the arches of the roof. 

After a time he reached a circle of pillars grouped like the monoliths of 
Stonehenge, with a large carved altar on a base of three steps in the centre; and 
so curious were the carvings on that altar that he approached to study them with 
his electric light. But when he saw what they were he shrank away shuddering, 
and did not stop to investigate the dark stains which discoloured the upper 
surface and had spread down the sides in occasional thin lines. Instead, he found 
the distant wall and traced it as it swept round in a gigantic circle perforated by 
occasional black doorways and indented by a myriad of shallow cells with iron 
gratings and wrist and ankle bonds on chains fastened to the stone of the 
concave rear masonry. These cells were empty, but still the horrible odour and 
the dismal moaning continued, more insistent now than ever, and seemingly 
varied at time by a sort of slippery thumping. 



From that frightful smell and that uncanny noise Willett's attention could no 
longer be diverted. Both were plainer and more hideous in the great pillared hall 
than anywhere else, and carried a vague impression of being far below, even in 
this dark nether world of subterrene mystery. Before trying any of the black 
archways for steps leading further down, the doctor cast his beam of light about 
the stone-flagged floor. It was very loosely paved, and at irregular intervals there 
would occur a slab curiously pierced by small holes in no definite arrangement, 
while at one point there lay a very long ladder carelessly flung down. To this 
ladder, singularly enough, appeared to cling a particularly large amount of the 
frightful odour which encompassed everything. As he walked slowly about it 
suddenly occurred to Willett that both the noise and the odour seemed strongest 
above the oddly pierced slabs, as if they might be crude trap-doors leading down 
to some still deeper region of horror. Kneeling by one, he worked at it with his 
hands, and found that with extreme difficulty he could budge it. At his touch the 
moaning beneath ascended to a louder key, and only with vast trepidation did he 
persevere in the lifting of the heavy stone. A stench unnameable now rose up 
from below, and the doctor's head reeled dizzily as he laid back the slab and 
turned his torch upon the exposed square yard of gaping blackness. 

If he had expected a flight of steps to some wide gulf of ultimate abomination, 
Willett was destined to be disappointed; for amidst that foetor and cracked 



377 



whining he discerned only the brick-faced top of a cyhndrical well perhaps a 
yard and a half in diameter and devoid of any ladder or other means of descent. 
As the light shone down, the wailing changed suddenly to a series of horrible 
yelps; in conjunction with which there came again that sound of blind, futile 
scrambling and slippery thumping. The explorer trembled, unwilling even to 
imagine what noxious thing might be lurking in that abyss, but in a moment 
mustered up the courage to peer over the rough-hewn brink; lying at full length 
and holding the torch downward at arm's length to see what might lie below. 
For a second he could distinguish nothing but the slimy, moss-grown brick walls 
sinking illimitably into that half-tangible miasma of murk and foulness and 
anguished frenzy; and then he saw that something dark was leaping clumsily 
and frantically up and down at the bottom of the narrow shaft, which must have 
been from twenty to twenty-five feet below the stone floor where he lay. The 
torch shook in his hand, but he looked again to see what manner of living 
creature might be immured there in the darkness of that unnatural well; left 
starving by young Ward through all the long month since the doctors had taken 
him away, and clearly only one of a vast number prisoned in the kindred wells 
whose pierced stone covers so thickly studded the floor of the great vaulted 
cavern. Whatever the things were, they could not lie down in their cramped 
spaces; but must have crouched and whined and waited and feebly leaped all 
those hideous weeks since their master had abandoned them unheeded. 

But Marinus Bicknell Willett was sorry that he looked again; for surgeon and 
veteran of the dissecting-room though he was, he has not been the same since. It 
is hard to explain just how a single sight of a tangible object with measurable 
dimensions could so shake and change a man; and we may only say that there is 
about certain outlines and entities a power of symbolism and suggestion which 
acts frightfully on a sensitive thinker's perspective and whispers terrible hints of 
obscure cosmic relationships and unnameable realities behind the protective 
illusions of common vision. In that second look Willett saw such an outline or 
entity, for during the next few instants he was undoubtedly as stark raving mad 
as any inmate of Dr. Waite's private hospital. He dropped the electric torch from 
a hand drained of muscular power or nervous coordination, nor heeded the 
sound of crunching teeth which told of its fate at the bottom of the pit. He 
screamed and screamed and screamed in a voice whose falsetto panic no 
acquaintance of his would ever have recognised; and though he could not rise to 
his feet he crawled and rolled desperately away from the damp pavement where 
dozens of Tartarean wells poured forth their exhausted whining and yelping to 
answer his own insane cries. He tore his hands on the rough, loose stones, and 
many times bruised his head against the frequent pillars, but still he kept on. 
Then at last he slowly came to himself in the utter blackness and stench, and 
stopped his ears against the droning wail into which the burst of yelping had 
subsided. He was drenched with perspiration and without means of producing a 



378 



light; stricken and unnerved in the abysmal blackness and horror, and crushed 
with a memory he never could efface. Beneath him dozens of those things still 
lived, and from one of those shafts the cover was removed. He knew that what 
he had seen could never climb up the slippery walls, yet shuddered at the 
thought that some obscure foot-hold might exist. 

What the thing was, he would never tell. It was like some of the carvings on the 
hellish altar, but it was alive. Nature had never made it in this form, for it was 
too palpably unfinished. The deficiencies were of the most surprising sort, and 
the abnormalities of proportion could not be described. Willett consents only to 
say that this type of thing must have represented entities which Ward called up 
from imperfect salts, and which he kept for servile or ritualistic purposes. If it 
had not had a certain significance, its image would not have been carved on that 
damnable stone. It was not the worst thing depicted on that stone - but Willett 
never opened the other pits. At the time, the first connected idea in his mind was 
an idle paragraph from some of the old Curwen data he had digested long 
before; a phrase used by Simon or Jedediah Orne in that portentous confiscated 
letter to the bygone sorcerer: 

'Certainely, there was Noth'g but ye liveliest Awfulness in that which H. rais'd 
upp from What he cou'd gather onlie a part of.' 

Then, horribly supplementing rather than displacing this image, there came a 
recollection of those ancient lingering rumours anent the burned, twisted thing 
found in the fields a week after the Curwen raid. Charles Ward had once told the 
doctor what old Slocum said of that object; that it was neither thoroughly human, 
nor wholly allied to any animal which Pawtuxet folk had ever seen or read 
about. 

These words hummed in the doctor's mind as he rocked to and fro, squatting on 
the nitrous stone floor. He tried to drive them out, and repeated the Lord's 
Prayer to himself; eventually trailing off into a mnemonic hodge-podge like the 
modernistic Waste Land of Mr. T. S. Eliot, and finally reverting to the oft- 
repeated dual formula he had lately found in Ward's underground library: 'Y'ai 
'ng'ngah, Yog-Sothoth' and so on till the final underlined Zhro. 

It seemed to soothe him, and he staggered to his feet after a time; lamenting 
bitterly his fright-lost torch and looking wildly about for any gleam of light in the 
clutching inkiness of the chilly air. Think he would not; but he strained his eyes 
in every direction for some faint glint or reflection of the bright illumination he 
had left in the library. After a while he thought he detected a suspicion of a glow 
infinitely far away, and toward this he crawled in agonised caution on hands and 



379 



knees amidst the stench and howHng, always feeHng ahead lest he collide with 
the numerous great pillars or stumble into the abominable pit he had uncovered. 

Once his shaking fingers touched something which he knew must be the steps 
leading to the hellish altar, and from this spot he recoiled in loathing. At another 
time he encountered the pierced slab he had removed, and here his caution 
became almost pitiful. But he did not come upon the dread aperture after all, nor 
did anything issue from that aperture to detain him. What had been down there 
made no sound nor stir. Evidently its crunching of the fallen electric torch had 
not been good for it. Each time Willett's fingers felt a perforated slab he 
trembled. His passage over it would sometimes increase the groaning below, but 
generally it would produce no effect at all, since he moved very noiselessly. 
Several times during his progress the glow ahead diminished perceptibly, and he 
realised that the various candles and lamps he had left must be expiring one by 
one. The thought of being lost in utter darkness without matches amidst this 
underground world of nightmare labyrinths impelled him to rise to his feet and 
run, which he could safely do now that he had passed the open pit; for he knew 
that once the light failed, his only hope of rescue and survival would lie in 
whatever relief party Mr. Ward might send after missing him for a sufficient 
period. Presently, however, he emerged from the open space into the narrower 
corridor and definitely located the glow as coming from a door on his right. In a 
moment he had reached it and was standing once more in young Ward's secret 
library, trembling with relief, and watching the sputterings of that last lamp 
which had brought him to safety. 



In another moment he was hastily filling the burned-out lamps from an oil 
supply he had previously noticed, and when the room was bright again he 
looked about to see if he might find a lantern for further exploration. For racked 
though he was with horror, his sense of grim purpose was still uppermost; and 
he was firmly determined to leave no stone unturned in his search for the 
hideous facts behind Charles Ward's bizarre madness. Failing to find a lantern, 
he chose the smallest of the lamps to carry; also filling his pockets with candles 
and matches, and taking with him a gallon can of oil, which he proposed to keep 
for reserve use in whatever hidden laboratory he might uncover beyond the 
terrible open space with its unclean altar and nameless covered wells. To traverse 
that space again would require his utmost fortitude, but he knew it must be 
done. Fortunately neither the frightful altar nor the opened shaft was near the 
vast cell-indented wall which bounded the cavern area, and whose black 
mysterious archways would form the next goals of a logical search. 



380 



So Willett went back to that great pillared hall of stench and anguished howling; 
turning down his lamp to avoid any distant glimpse of the hellish altar, or of the 
uncovered pit with the pierced stone slab beside it. Most of the black doorways 
led merely to small chambers, some vacant and some evidently used as 
storerooms; and in several of the latter he saw some very curious accumulations 
of various objects. One was packed with rotting and dust-draped bales of spare 
clothing, and the explorer thrilled when he saw that it was unmistakably the 
clothing of a century and a half before. In another room he found numerous odds 
and ends of modern clothing, as if gradual provisions were being made to equip 
a large body of men. But what he disliked most of all were the huge copper vats 
which occasionally appeared; these, and the sinister incrustations upon them. He 
liked them even less than the weirdly figured leaden bowls whose rims retained 
such obnoxious deposits and around which clung repellent odours perceptible 
above even the general noisomness of the crypt. When he had completed about 
half the entire circuit of the wall he found another corridor like that from which 
he had come, and out of which many doors opened. This he proceeded to 
investigate; and after entering three rooms of medium size and of no significant 
contents, he came at last to a large oblong apartment whose business-like tanks 
and tables, furnaces and modern instruments, occasional books and endless 
shelves of jars and bottles proclaimed it indeed the long-sought laboratory of 
Charles Ward - and no doubt of old Joseph Curwen before him. 

After lighting the three lamps which he found filled and ready. Dr. Willett 
examined the place and all the appurtenances with the keenest interest; noting 
from the relative quantities of various reagents on the shelves that young Ward's 
dominant concern must have been with some branch of organic chemistry. On 
the whole, little could be learned from the scientific ensemble, which included a 
gruesome-looking dissecting-table; so that the room was really rather a 
disappointment. Among the books was a tattered old copy of Borellus in black- 
letter, and it was weirdly interesting to note that Ward had underlined the same 
passage whose marking had so perturbed good Mr. Merritt in Curwen's 
farmhouse more than a century and half before. That old copy, of course, must 
have perished along with the rest of Curwen's occult library in the final raid. 
Three archways opened off the laboratory, and these the doctor proceeded to 
sample in turn. From his cursory survey he saw that two led merely to small 
storerooms; but these he canvassed with care, remarking the piles of coffins in 
various stages of damage and shuddering violently at two or three of the few 
coffin-plates he could decipher. There was much clothing also stored in these 
rooms, and several new and tightly nailed boxes which he did not stop to 
investigate. Most interesting of all, perhaps, were some odd bits which he judged 
to be fragments of old Joseph Curwen's laboratory appliances. These had 
suffered damage at the hands of the raiders, but were still partly recognisable as 
the chemical paraphernalia of the Georgian period. 



381 



The third archway led to a very sizeable chamber entirely lined with shelves and 
having in the centre a table bearing two lamps. These lamps Willett lighted, and 
in their brilliant glow studied the endless shelving which surrounded him. Some 
of the upper levels were wholly vacant, but most of the space was filled with 
small odd-looking leaden jars of two general types; one tall and without handles 
like a Grecian lekythos or oil-jug, and the other with a single handle and 
proportioned like a Phaleron jug. All had metal stoppers, and were covered with 
peculiar-looking symbols moulded in low relief. In a moment the doctor noticed 
that these jugs were classified with great rigidity; all the lekythoi being on one 
side of the room with a large wooden sign reading 'Custodes' above them, and 
all the Phalerons on the other, correspondingly labelled with a sign reading 
'Materia'. 

Each of the jars of jugs, except some on the upper shelves that turned out to be 
vacant, bore a cardboard tag with a number apparently referring to a catalogue; 
and Willett resolved to look for the latter presently. For the moment, however, he 
was more interested in the nature of the array as a whole, and experimentally 
opened several of the lekythoi and Phalerons at random with a view to a rough 
generalisation. The result was invariable. Both types of jar contained a small 
quantity of a single kind of substance; a fine dusty powder of very light weight 
and of many shades of dull, neutral colour. To the colours which formed the only 
point of variation there was no apparent method of disposal; and no distinction 
between what occurred in the lekythoi and what occurred in the Phalerons. A 
bluish-grey powder might be by the side of a pinkish-white one, and any one in a 
Phaleron might have its exact counterpart in a lekythos. The most individual 
feature about the powders was their non-adhesiveness. Willett would pour one 
into his hand, and upon returning it to its jug would find that no residue 
whatever remained on his palm. 

The meaning of the two signs puzzled him, and he wondered why this battery of 
chemicals was separated so radically from those in glass jars on the shelves of the 
laboratory proper. "Custodes", "Materia"; that was the Latin for "Guards" and 
"Materials", respectively - and then there came a flash of memory as to where he 
had seen that word "Guards" before in connexion with this dreadful mystery. It 
was, of course, in the recent letter to Dr. Allen purporting to be from old Edwin 
Hutchinson; and the phrase had read: 'There was no Neede to keep the Guards 
in Shape and eat'g off their Heads, and it made Much to be founde in Case of 
Trouble, as you too welle knowe.' What did this signify? But wait - was there not 
still another reference to "guards" in this matter which he had failed wholly to 
recall when reading the Hutchinson letter? Back in the old non-secretive days 
Ward had told him of the Eleazar Smith diary recording the spying of Smith and 
Weeden on the Curwen farm, and in that dreadful chronicle there had been a 
mention of conversations overheard before the old wizard betook himself wholly 



382 



beneath the earth. There had been. Smith and Weeden insisted, terrible 
colloquies wherein figured Curwen, certain captives of his, and the guards of 
those captives. Those guards, according to Hutchinson or his avatar, had "eaten 
their heads off", so that now Dr. Allen did not keep them in shape. And if not in 
shape, how save as the "salts" to which it appears this wizard band was engaged 
in reducing as many human bodies or skeletons as they could? 

So that was what these lekythoi contained; the monstrous fruit of unhallowed 
rites and deeds, presumably won or cowed to such submission as to help, when 
called up by some hellish incantation, in the defence of their blasphemous master 
or the questioning of those who were not so willing? Willett shuddered at the 
thought of what he had been pouring in and out of his hands, and for a moment 
felt an impulse to flee in panic from that cavern of hideous shelves with their 
silent and perhaps watching sentinels. Then he thought of the "Materia" - in the 
myriad Phaleron jugs on the other side of the room. Salts too - and if not the salts 
of "guards", then the salts of what? God! Could it be possible that here lay the 
mortal relics of half the titan thinkers of all the ages; snatched by supreme ghouls 
from crypts where the world thought them safe, and subject to the beck and call 
of madmen who sought to drain their knowledge for some still wilder end whose 
ultimate effect would concern, as poor Charles had hinted in his frantic note, "all 
civilisation, all natural law, perhaps even the fate of the solar system and the 
universe"? And Marinus Bicknell Willett had sifted their dust through his hands! 

Then he noticed a small door at the further end of the room, and calmed himself 
enough to approach it and examine the crude sign chiselled above. It was only a 
symbol, but it filled him with vague spiritual dread; for a morbid, dreaming 
friend of his had once drawn it on paper and told him a few of the things it 
means in the dark abyss of sleep. It was the sign of Koth, that dreamers see fixed 
above the archway of a certain black tower standing alone in twilight - and 
Willett did not like what his friend Randolph Carter had said of its powers. But a 
moment later he forgot the sign as he recognised a new acrid odour in the 
stench-filled air. This was a chemical rather than animal smell, and came clearly 
from the room beyond the door. And it was, unmistakably, the same odour 
which had saturated Charles Ward's clothing on the day the doctors had taken 
him away. So it was here that the youth had been interrupted by the final 
summons? He was wiser that old Joseph Curwen, for he had not resisted. Willett, 
boldly determined to penetrate every wonder and nightmare this nether realm 
might contain, seized the small lamp and crossed the threshold. A wave of 
nameless fright rolled out to meet him, but he yielded to no whim and deferred 
to no intuition. There was nothing alive here to harm him, and he would not be 
stayed in his piercing of the eldritch cloud which engulfed his patient. 



383 



The room beyond the door was of medium size, and had no furniture save a 
table, a single chair, and two groups of curious machines with clamps and 
wheels, which Willett recognised after a moment as mediaeval instruments of 
torture. On one side of the door stood a rack of savage whips, above which were 
some shelves bearing empty rows of shallow pedestalled cups of lead shaped 
like Grecian kylikes. On the other side was the table; with a powerful Argand 
lamp, a pad and pencil, and two of the stoppered lekythoi from the shelves 
outside set down at irregular places as if temporarily or in haste. Willett lighted 
the lamp and looked carefully at the pad, to see what notes Ward might have 
been jotting down when interrupted; but found nothing more intelligible than 
the following disjointed fragments in that crabbed Curwen chirography, which 
shed no light on the case as a whole: 

'B. dy'd not. Escap'd into walls and founde Place below.' 
'Sawe olde V. saye ye Sabaoth and learnt yee Way.' 
'Rais'd Yog-Sothoth thrice and was ye nexte Day deliver'd.' 
'F. soughte to wipe out all know'g howe to raise Those from Outside.' 

As the strong Argand blaze lit up the entire chamber the doctor saw that the wall 
opposite the door, between the two groups of torturing appliances in the corners, 
was covered with pegs from which hung a set of shapeless-looking robes of a 
rather dismal yellowish-white. But far more interesting were the two vacant 
walls, both of which were thickly covered with mystic symbols and formulae 
roughly chiselled in the smooth dressed stone. The damp floor also bore marks 
of carving; and with but little difficulty Willett deciphered a huge pentagram in 
the centre, with a plain circle about three feet wide half way between this and 
each corner. In one of these four circles, near where a yellowish robe had been 
flung carelessly down, there stood a shallow kylix of the sort found on the 
shelves above the whip-rack; and just outside the periphery was one of the 
Phaleron jugs from the shelves in the other room, its tag numbered 118. This was 
unstoppered, and proved upon inspection to be empty; but the explorer saw 
with a shiver that the kylix was not. Within its shallow area, and saved from 
scattering only by the absence of wind in this sequestered cavern, lay a small 
amount of a dry, dull-greenish efflorescent powder which must have belonged in 
the jug; and Willett almost reeled at the implications that came sweeping over 
him as he correlated little by little the several elements and antecedents of the 
scene. The whips and the instruments of torture, the dust or salts from the jug of 
"Materia", the two lekythoi from the "Custodes" shelf, the robes, the formulae 
on the walls, the notes on the pad, the hints from letters and legends, and the 
thousand glimpses, doubts, and suppositions which had come to torment the 
friends and parents of Charles Ward - all these engulfed the doctor in a tidal 
wave of horror as he looked at that dry greenish powder outspread in the 
pedestalled leaden kylix on the floor. 



384 



With an effort, however, Willett pulled himself together and began studying the 
formulae chiselled on the walls. From the stained and incrusted letters it was 
obvious that they were carved in Joseph Curwen's time, and their text was such 
as to be vaguely familiar to one who had read much Curwen material or delved 
extensively into the history of magic. One the doctor clearly recognised as what 
Mrs. Ward heard her son chanting on that ominous Good Friday a year before, 
and what an authority had told him was a very terrible invocation addressed to 
secret gods outside the normal spheres. It was not spelled here exactly as Mrs. 
Ward had set it down from memory, nor yet as the authority had shewn it to him 
in the forbidden pages of "Eliphas Levi"; but its identity was unmistakable, and 
such words as Sabaoth, Metraton, Almonsin, and Zariatnatmik sent a shudder of 
fright through the search who had seen and felt so much of cosmic abomination 
just around the corner. 

This was on the left-hand wall as one entered the room. The right-hand wall was 
no less thickly inscribed, and Willett felt a start of recognition when he came up 
the pair of formulae so frequently occurring in the recent notes in the library. 
They were, roughly speaking, the same; with the ancient symbols of "Dragon's 
Head" and "Dragon's Tail" heading them as in Ward's scribblings. But the 
spelling differed quite widely from that of the modern versions, as if old Curwen 
had had a different way of recording sound, or as if later study had evolved 
more powerful and perfected variants of the invocations in question. The doctor 
tried to reconcile the chiselled version with the one which still ran persistently in 
his head, and found it hard to do. Where the script he had memorised began 
"Y'ai 'ng'ngah, Yog-Sothoth", this epigraph started out as "Aye, engengah, 
Yogge-Sothotha"; which to his mind would seriously interfere with the 
syllabification of the second word. 

Ground as the later text was into his consciousness, the discrepancy disturbed 
him; and he found himself chanting the first of the formulae aloud in an effort to 
square the sound he conceived with the letters he found carved. Weird and 
menacing in that abyss of antique blasphemy rang his voice; its accents keyed to 
a droning sing-song either through the spell of the past and the unknown, or 
through the hellish example of that dull, godless wail from the pits whose 
inhuman cadences rose and fell rhythmically in the distance through the stench 
and the darkness. 

Y'AI 'NG'NGAH, 

YOG-SOTHOTH 

H'EE-L'GEB 

F'AI THRODOG 

UAAAH! 



385 



But what was this cold wind which had sprung into hfe at the very outset of the 
chant? The lamps were sputtering woefully, and the gloom grew so dense that 
the letters on the wall nearly faded from sight. There was smoke, too, and an 
acrid odour which quite drowned out the stench from the far-away wells; an 
odour like that he had smelt before, yet infinitely stronger and more pungent. He 
turned from the inscriptions to face the room with its bizarre contents, and saw 
that the kylix on the floor, in which the ominous efflorescent powder had lain, 
was giving forth a cloud of thick, greenish-black vapour of surprising volume 
and opacity. That powder - Great God! it had come from the shelf of "Materia" - 
what was it doing now, and what had started it? The formula he had been 
chanting - the first of the pair - Dragon's Head, ascending node - Blessed Saviour, 
could it be ... 

The doctor reeled, and through his head raced wildly disjointed scraps from all 
he had seen, heard, and read of the frightful case of Joseph Curwen and Charles 
Dexter Ward. "I say to you againe, doe not call up Any that you can not put 
downe . . . Have ye Wordes for laying at all times readie, and stopp not to be sure 
when there is any Doubte of Whom you have ... 3 Talkes with What was therein 
inhum'd ..." Mercy of Heaven, what is that shape behind the parting smoke? 



Marinus Bicknell Willett has not hope that any part of his tale will be believed 
except by certain sympathetic friends, hence he has made no attempt to tell it 
beyond his most intimate circle. Only a few outsiders have ever heard it 
repeated, and of these the majority laugh and remark that the doctor surely is 
getting old. He has been advised to take a long vacation and to shun future cases 
dealing with mental disturbance. But Mr. Ward knows that the veteran physician 
speaks only a horrible truth. Did not he himself see the noisome aperture in the 
bungalow cellar? Did not Willett send him home overcome and ill at eleven 
o'clock that portentous morning? Did he not telephone the doctor in vain that 
evening, and again the next day, and had he not driven to the bungalow itself on 
that following noon, finding his friend unconscious but unharmed on one of the 
beds upstairs? Willett had been breathing stertorously, and opened his eyes 
slowly when Mr. Ward gave him some brandy fetched from the car. Then he 
shuddered and screamed, crying out, 'That beard... those eyes... God, who are 
you?' A very strange thing to say to a trim, blue-eyed, clean-shaven gentleman 
whom he had known from the latter's boyhood. 

In the bright noon sunlight the bungalow was unchanged since the previous 
morning. Willett's clothing bore no disarrangement beyond certain smudges and 
worn places at the knees, and only a faint acrid odour reminded Mr. Ward of 
what he had smelt on his son that day he was taken to the hospital. The doctor's 



386 



flashlight was missing, but his valise was safely there, as empty as when he had 
brought it. Before indulging in any explanations, and obviously with great moral 
effort, Willett staggered dizzily down to the cellar and tried the fateful platform 
before the tubs. It was unyielding. Crossing to where he had left his yet unused 
tool satchel the day before, he obtained a chisel and began to pry up the stubborn 
planks one by one. Underneath the smooth concrete was still visible, but of any 
opening or perforation there was no longer a trace. Nothing yawned this time to 
sicken the mystified father who had followed the doctor downstairs; only the 
smooth concrete underneath the planks - no noisome well, no world of 
subterrene horrors, no secret library, no Curwen papers, no nightmare pits of 
stench and howling, no laboratory or shelves or chiselled formulae, no... Dr. 
Willett turned pale, and clutched at the younger man. 'Yesterday,' he asked 
softly, 'did you see it here ... and smell it?' And when Mr. Ward, himself 
transfixed with dread and wonder, found strength to nod an affirmative, the 
physician gave a sound half a sigh and half a gasp, and nodded in turn. 'Then I 
will tell you', he said. 

So for an hour, in the sunniest room they could find upstairs, the physician 
whispered his frightful tale to the wondering father. There was nothing to relate 
beyond the looming up of that form when the greenish-black vapour from the 
kylix parted, and Willett was too tired to ask himself what had really occurred. 
There were futile, bewildered head-shakings from both men, and once Mr. Ward 
ventured a hushed suggestion, 'Do you suppose it would be of any use to dig?' 
The doctor was silent, for it seemed hardly fitting for any human brain to answer 
when powers of unknown spheres had so vitally encroached on this side of the 
Great Abyss. Again Mr. Ward asked, 'But where did it go? It brought you here, 
you know, and it sealed up the hole somehow.' And Willett again let silence 
answer for him. 

But after all, this was not the final phase of the matter. Reaching for his 
handkerchief before rising to leave. Dr. Willett's fingers closed upon a piece of 
paper in his pocket which had not been there before, and which was 
companioned by the candles and matches he had seized in the vanished vault. It 
was a common sheet, torn obviously from the cheap pad in that fabulous room of 
horror somewhere underground, and the writing upon it was that of an ordinary 
lead pencil - doubtless the one which had lain beside the pad. It was folded very 
carelessly, and beyond the faint acrid scent of the cryptic chamber bore no print 
or mark of any world but this. But in the text itself it did indeed reek with 
wonder; for here was no script of any wholesome age, but the laboured strokes 
of mediaeval darkness, scarcely legible to the laymen who now strained over it, 
yet having combinations of symbols which seemed vaguely familiar. The briefly 
scrawled message was this, and its mystery lent purpose to the shaken pair, who 



387 



forthwith walked steadily out to the Ward car and gave orders to be driven first 
to a quiet dining place and then to the John Hay Library on the hill. 

At the library it was easy to find good manuals of palaeography, and over these 
the two men puzzled till the lights of evening shone out from the great 
chandelier. In the end they found what was needed. The letters were indeed no 
fantastic invention, but the normal script of a very dark period. They were the 
pointed Saxon minuscules of the eighth or ninth century A.D., and brought with 
them memories of an uncouth time when under a fresh Christian veneer ancient 
faiths and ancient rites stirred stealthily, and the pale moon of Britain looked 
sometimes on strange deeds in the Roman ruins of Caerleon and Hexham, and 
by the towers along Hadrian's crumbling wall. The words were in such Latin as a 
barbarous age might remember - 'Corvinus necandus est. Cadaver aq(ua) forti 
dissolvendum, nee aliq(ui)d retinendum. Tace ut potes.' - which may roughly be 
translated, "Curwen must be killed. The body must be dissolved in aqua fortis, 
nor must anything be retained. Keep silence as best you are able." 

Willett and Mr. Ward were mute and baffled. They had met the unknown, and 
found that they lacked emotions to respond to it as they vaguely believed they 
ought. With Willett, especially, the capacity for receiving fresh impressions of 
awe was well-nigh exhausted; and both men sat still and helpless till the closing 
of the library forced them to leave. Then they drove listlessly to the Ward 
mansion in Prospect Street, and talked to no purpose into the night. The doctor 
rested toward morning, but did not go home. And he was still there Sunday 
noon when a telephone message came from the detectives who had been 
assigned to look up Dr. Allen. 

Mr. Ward, who was pacing nervously about in a dressing-gown, answered the 
call in person; and told the men to come up early the next day when he heard 
their report was almost ready. Both Willett and he were glad that this phase of 
the matter was taking form, for whatever the origin of the strange minuscule 
message, it seemed certain the "Curwen" who must be destroyed could be no 
other than the bearded and spectacled stranger. Charles had feared this man, and 
had said in the frantic note that he must be killed and dissolved in acid. Allen, 
moreover, had been receiving letters from the strange wizards in Europe under 
the name of Curwen, and palpably regarded himself as an avatar of the bygone 
necromancer. And now from a fresh and unknown source had come a message 
saying that "Curwen" must be killed and dissolved in acid. The linkage was too 
unmistakable to be factitious; and besides, was not Allen planning to murder 
young Ward upon the advice of the creature called Hutchinson? Of course, the 
letter they had seen had never reached the bearded stranger; but from its text 
they could see that Allen had already formed plans for dealing with the youth if 
he grew too "squeamish". Without doubt, Allen must be apprehended; and even 



388 



if the most drastic directions were not carried out, he must be placed where he 
could inflict no harm upon Charles Ward. 

That afternoon, hoping against hope to extract some gleam of information anent 
the inmost mysteries from the only available one capable of giving it, the father 
and the doctor went down the bay and called on young Charles at the hospital. 
Simply and gravely Willett told him all he had found, and noticed how pale he 
turned as each description made certain the truth of the discovery. The physician 
employed as much dramatic effect as he could, and watched for a wincing on 
Charles's part when he approached the matter of the covered pits and the 
nameless hybrids within. But Ward did not wince. Willett paused, and his voice 
grew indignant as he spoke of how the things were starving. He taxed the youth 
with shocking inhumanity, and shivered when only a sardonic laugh came in 
reply. For Charles, having dropped as useless his pretence that the crypt did not 
exist, seemed to see some ghastly jest in this affair; and chucked hoarsely at 
something which amused him. Then he whispered, in accents doubly terrible 
because of the cracked voice he used, 'Damn 'em, they do eat, but they don't 
need to! That's the rare part! A month, you say, without food? Lud, Sir, you be 
modest! D'ye know, that was the joke on poor old Whipple with his virtuous 
bluster! Kill everything off, would he? Why, damme, he was half-deaf with noise 
from Outside and never saw or heard aught from the wells! He never dreamed 
they were there at all! Devil take ye, those cursed things have been howling 
down there ever since Curwen was done for a hundred and fifty-seven years 
gone!' 

But no more than this could Willett get from the youth. Horrified, yet almost 
convinced against his will, he went on with his tale in the hope that some 
incident might startle his auditor out of the mad composure he maintained. 
Looking at the youth's face, the doctor could not but feel a kind of terror at the 
changes which recent months had wrought. Truly, the boy had drawn down 
nameless horrors from the skies. When the room with the formulae and the 
greenish dust was mentioned, Charles shewed his first sign of animation. A 
quizzical look overspread his face as he heard what Willett had read on the pad, 
and he ventured the mild statement that those notes were old ones, of no 
possible significance to anyone not deeply initiated in the history of magic. But, 
he added, 'had you but known the words to bring up that which I had out in the 
cup, you had not been here to tell me this. 'Twas Number 118, and I conceive you 
would have shook had you looked it up in my list in t'other room. 'Twas never 
raised by me, but I meant to have it up that day you came to invite me hither.' 

Then Willett told of the formula he had spoken and of the greenish-black smoke 
which had arisen; and as he did so he saw true fear dawn for the first time on 
Charles Ward's face. 'It came, and you be here alive?' As Ward croaked the 



389 



words his voice seemed almost to burst free of its trammels and sink to 
cavernous abysses of uncanny resonance. Willett, gifted with a flash of 
inspiration, believed he saw the situation, and wove into his reply a caution from 
a letter he remembered. 'No. 118, you say? But don't forget that stones are all 
changed now in nine grounds out of ten. You are never sure till you question!' 
And then, without warning, he drew forth the minuscule message and flashed it 
before the patient's eyes. He could have wished no stronger result, for Charles 
Ward fainted forthwith. 

All this conversation, of course, had been conducted with the greatest secrecy 
lest the resident alienists accuse the father and the physician of encouraging a 
madman in his delusions. Unaided, too. Dr. Willett and Mr. Ward picked up the 
stricken youth and placed him on the couch. In reviving, the patient mumbled 
many times of some word which he must get to Orne and Hutchinson at once; so 
when his consciousness seemed fully back the doctor told him that of those 
strange creatures at least one was his bitter enemy, and had given Dr. Allen 
advice for his assassination. This revelation produced no visible effect, and 
before it was made the visitors could see that their host had already the look of a 
hunted man. After that he would converse no more, so Willett and the father 
departed presently; leaving behind a caution against the bearded Allen, to which 
the youth only replied that this individual was very safely taken care of, and 
could do no one any harm even if he wished. This was said with an almost evil 
chuckle very painful to hear. They did not worry about any communications 
Charles might indite to that monstrous pair in Europe, since they knew that the 
hospital authorities seized all outgoing mail for censorship and would pass no 
wild or outre-looking missive. 

There is, however, a curious sequel to the matter of Orne and Hutchinson, if such 
indeed the exiled wizards were. Moved by some vague presentiment amidst the 
horrors of that period, Willett arranged with an international press-cutting 
bureau for accounts of notable current crimes and accidents in Prague and in 
eastern Transylvania; and after six months believed that he had found two very 
significant things amongst the multifarious items he received and had translated. 
One was the total wrecking of a house by night in the oldest quarter of Prague, 
and the disappearance of the evil old man called Josef Nadek, who had dwelt in 
it alone ever since anyone could remember. The other was a titan explosion in 
the Transylvanian mountains east of Rakus, and the utter extirpation with all its 
inmates of the ill-regarded Castle Ferenczy, whose master was so badly spoken 
of by peasants and soldiery alike that he would shortly have been summoned to 
Bucharest for serious questioning had not this incident cut off a career already so 
long as to antedate all common memory. Willett maintains that the hand which 
wrote those minuscules was able to wield stronger weapons as well; and that 
while Curwen was left to him to dispose of, the writer felt able to find and deal 



390 



with Orne and Hutchinson itself. If what their fate may have been the doctor 
strives sedulously not to think. 



The following morning Dr. Willett hastened to the Ward home to be present 
when the detectives arrived. Allen's destruction or imprisonment - or Curwen's 
if one might regard the tacit claim to reincarnation as valid - he felt must be 
accomplished at any cost, and he communicated this conviction to Mr. Ward as 
they sat waiting for the men to come. They were downstairs this time, for the 
upper parts of the house were beginning to be shunned because of a particular 
nauseousness which hung indefinitely about; a nauseousness which the older 
servants connected with some curse left by the vanished Curwen portrait. 

At nine o'clock the three detectives presented themselves and immediately 
delivered all that they had to say. They had not, regrettably enough, located the 
Brava Tony Gomes as they had wished, nor had they found the least trace of Dr. 
Allen's source or present whereabouts; but they had managed to unearth a 
considerable number of local impressions and facts concerning the reticent 
stranger. Allen had struck Pawtuxet people as a vaguely unnatural being, and 
there was a universal belief that his thick sandy beard was either dyed or false - a 
belief conclusively upheld by the finding of such a false beard, together with a 
pair of dark glasses, in his room at the fateful bungalow. His voice, Mr. Ward 
could well testify from his one telephone conversation, had a depth and 
hoUowness that could not be forgotten; and his glanced seemed malign even 
through his smoked and horn-rimmed glasses. One shopkeeper, in the course of 
negotiations, had seen a specimen of his handwriting and declared it was very 
queer and crabbed; this being confirmed by pencilled notes of no clear meaning 
found in his room and identified by the merchant. In connexion with the 
vampirism rumours of the preceding summer, a majority of the gossips believed 
that Allen rather than Ward was the actual vampire. Statements were also 
obtained from the officials who had visited the bungalow after the unpleasant 
incident of the motor truck robbery. They had felt less of the sinister in Dr. Allen, 
but had recognised him as the dominant figure in the queer shadowy cottage. 
The place had been too dark for them to observe him clearly, but they would 
know him again if they saw him. His beard had looked odd, and they thought he 
had some slight scar above his dark spectacled right eye. As for the detectives' 
search of Allen's room, it yielded nothing definite save the beard and glasses, 
and several pencilled notes in a crabbed writing which Willett at once saw was 
identical with that shared by the old Curwen manuscripts and by the 
voluminous recent notes of young Ward found in the vanished catacombs of 
horror. 



391 



Dr. Willett and Mr. Ward caught something of a profound, subtle, and insidious 
cosmic fear from this data as it was gradually unfolded, and almost trembled in 
following up the vague, mad thought which had simultaneously reached their 
minds. The false beard and glasses - the crabbed Curwen penmanship - the old 
portrait and its tiny scar - and the altered youth in the hospital with such a scar - 
that deep, hollow voice on the telephone - was it not of this that Mr. Ward was 
reminded when his son barked forth those pitiable tones to which he now 
claimed to be reduced? Who had ever seen Charles and Allen together? Yes, the 
officials had once, but who later on? Was it not when Allen left that Charles 
suddenly lost his growing fright and began to live wholly at the bungalow? 
Curwen - Allen - Ward - in what blasphemous and abominable fusion had two 
ages and two persons become involved? That damnable resemblance of the 
picture to Charles - had it not used to stare and stare, and follow the boy around 
the room with its eyes? Why, too, did both Allen and Charles copy Joseph 
Curwen's handwriting, even when alone and off guard? And then the frightful 
work of those people - the lost crypt of horrors that had aged the doctor 
overnight; the starving monsters in the noisome pits; the awful formula which 
had yielded such nameless results; the message in minuscules found in Willett's 
pocket; the papers and the letters and all the talk of graves and "salts" and 
discoveries - whither did everything lead? In the end Mr. Ward did the most 
sensible thing. Steeling himself against any realisation of why he did it, he gave 
the detectives an article to be shewn to such Pawtuxet shopkeepers as had seen 
the portentous Dr. Allen. That article was a photograph of his luckless son, on 
which he now carefully drew in ink the pair of heavy glasses and the black 
pointed beard which the men had brought from Allen's room. 

For two hours he waited with the doctor in the oppressive house where fear and 
miasma were slowly gathering as the empty panel in the upstairs library leered 
and leered and leered. Then the men returned. Yes. The altered photograph was 
a very passable likeness of Dr. Allen. Mr. Ward turned pale, and Willett wiped a 
suddenly dampened brow with his handkerchief. Allen - Ward - Curwen - it was 
becoming too hideous for coherent thought. What had the boy called out of the 
void, and what had it done to him? What, really, had happened from first to last? 
Who was this Allen who sought to kill Charles as too "squeamish", and why had 
his destined victim said in the postscript to that frantic letter that he must be so 
completely obliterated in acid? Why, too, had the minuscule message, of whose 
origin no one dared think, said that "Curwen" must be likewise obliterated? 
What was the change, and when had the final stage occurred? That day when his 
frantic note was received - he had been nervous all the morning, then there was 
an alteration. He had slipped out unseen and swaggered boldly in past the men 
hired to guard him. That was the time, when he was out. But no - had he not 
cried out in terror as he entered his study - this very room? What had he found 
there? Or wait - what had found him? That simulacrum which brushed boldly in 



392 



without having been seen to go - was that an ahen shadow and a horror forcing 
itself upon a trembhng figure which had never gone out at all? Had not the 
butler spoken of queer noises? 

Willett rang for the man and asked him some low -toned questions. It had, surely 
enough, been a bad business. There had been noises - a cry, a gasp, a choking, 
and a sort of clattering or creaking or thumping, or all of these. And Mr. Charles 
was not the same when he stalked out without a word. The butler shivered as he 
spoke, and sniffed at the heavy air that blew down from some open window 
upstairs. Terror had settled definitely upon the house, and only the business-like 
detectives failed to imbibe a full measure of it. Even they were restless, for this 
case had held vague elements in the background which pleased them not at all. 
Dr. Willett was thinking deeply and rapidly, and his thoughts were terrible ones. 
Now and then he would almost break into muttering as he ran over in his head a 
new, appalling, and increasingly conclusive chain of nightmare happenings. 

Then Mr. Ward made a sign that the conference was over, and everyone save 
him and the doctor left the room. It was noon now, but shadows as of coming 
night seemed to engulf the phantom-haunted mansion. Willett began talking 
very seriously to his host, and urged that he leave a great deal of the future 
investigation to him. There would be, he predicted, certain obnoxious elements 
which a friend could bear better than a relative. As family physician he must 
have a free hand, and the first thing he required was a period alone and 
undisturbed in the abandoned library upstairs, where the ancient overmantel 
had gathered about itself an aura of noisome horror more intense than when 
Joseph Curwen's features themselves glanced slyly down from the painted 
panel. 

Mr. Ward, dazed by the flood of grotesque morbidities and unthinkably 
maddening suggestions that poured in upon him from every side, could only 
acquiesce; and half an hour later the doctor was locked in the shunned room 
with the panelling from Olney Court. The father, listening outside, heard 
fumbling sounds of moving and rummaging as the moments passed; and finally 
a wrench and a creak, as if a tight cupboard door were being opened. Then there 
was a muffled cry, a kind of snorting choke, and a hasty slamming of whatever 
had been opened. Almost at once the key rattled and Willett appeared in the hall, 
haggard and ghastly, and demanding wood for the real fireplace on the south 
wall of the room. The furnace was not enough, he said; and the electric log had 
little practical use. Longing yet not daring to ask questions, Mr. Ward gave the 
requisite orders and a man brought some stout pine logs, shuddering as he 
entered the tainted air of the library to place them in the grate. Willett meanwhile 
had gone up to the dismantled laboratory and brought down a few odds and 



393 



ends not included in the moving of the July before. They were in a covered 
basket, and Mr. Ward never saw what they were. 

Then the doctor locked himself in the library once more, and by the clouds of 
smoke which rolled down past the windows from the chimney it was known that 
he had lighted the fire. Later, after a great rustling of newspapers, that odd 
wrench and creaking were heard again; followed by a thumping which none of 
the eavesdroppers liked. Thereafter two suppressed cries of Willett's were heard, 
and hard upon these came a swishing rustle of indefinable hatefulness. Finally 
the smoke that the wind beat down from the chimney grew very dark and acrid, 
and everyone wished that the weather had spared them this choking and 
venomous inundation of peculiar fumes. Mr. Ward's head reeled, and the 
servants all clustered together in a knot to watch the horrible black smoke swoop 
down. After an age of waiting the vapours seemed to lighted, and half-formless 
sounds of scraping, sweeping, and other minor operations were heard behind 
the bolted door. And at last, after the slamming of some cupboard within, Willett 
made his appearance - sad, pale, and haggard, and bearing the cloth-draped 
basket he had taken from the upstairs laboratory. He had left the window open, 
and into that once accursed room was pouring a wealth of pure, wholesome air 
to mix with a queer new smell of disinfectants. The ancient overmantel still 
lingered; but it seemed robbed of malignity now, and rose as calm and stately in 
its white panelling as if it had never borne the picture of Joseph Curwen. Night 
was coming on, yet this time its shadows held no latent fright, but only a gentle 
melancholy. Of what he had done the doctor would never speak. To Mr. Ward 
he said, 'I can answer no questions, but I will say that there are different kinds of 
magic. I have made a great purgation, and those in this house will sleep the 
better for it.' 



That Dr. Willett's "purgation" had been an ordeal almost as nerve-racking in its 
way as his hideous wandering in the vanished crypt is shewn by the fact that the 
elderly physician gave out completely as soon as he reached home that evening. 
For three days he rested constantly in his room, though servants later muttered 
something about having heard him after midnight on Wednesday, when the 
outer door softly opened and closed with phenomenal softness. Servants' 
imaginations, fortunately, are limited, else comment might have been excited by 
an item in Thursday's Evening Bulletin which ran as follows: 

North End Ghouls Again Active 

After a lull of ten months since the dastardly vandalism in the Weeden lot at the 
North Burial Ground, a nocturnal prowler was glimpsed early this morning in 



394 



the same cemetery by Robert Hart, the night watchman. Happening to glance for 
a moment from his shelter at about 2 a.m.. Hart observed the glow of a lantern or 
pocket torch not far to the northwest, and upon opening the door detected the 
figure of a man with a trowel very plainly silhouetted against a nearby electric 
light. At once starting in pursuit, he saw the figure dart hurriedly toward the 
main entrance, gaining the street and losing himself among the shadows before 
approach or capture was possible. 

Like the first of the ghouls active during the past year, this intruder had done no 
real damage before detection. A vacant part of the Ward lot shewed signs of a 
little superficial digging, but nothing even nearly the size of a grave had been 
attempted, and no previous grave had been disturbed. 

Hart, who cannot describe the prowler except as a small man probably having a 
full beard, inclines to the view that all three of the digging incidents have a 
common source; but police from the Second Station think otherwise on account 
of the savage nature of teh second incident, where an ancient coffin was removed 
and its headstone violently shattered. 

The first of the incidents, in which it is thought an attempt to bury something 
was frustrated, occurred a year ago last March, and has been attributed to 
bootleggers seeking a cache. It is possible, says Sergt. Riley, that this third affair 
is of similar nature. Officers at the Second Station are taking especial pains to 
capture the gang of miscreants responsible for these repeated outrages. 

All day Thursday Dr. Willett rested as if recuperating from something past or 
nerving himself for something to come. In the evening he wrote a note to Mr. 
Ward, which was delivered the next morning and which caused the half-dazed 
parent to ponder long and deeply. Mr. Ward had not been able to go down to 
business since the shock of Monday with its baffling reports and its sinister 
"purgation", but he found something calming about the doctor's letter in spite of 
the despair it seemed to promise and the fresh mysteries it seemed to evoke. 

10 Barnes St., 

Providence, R. I. 

April 12, 1928. 

Dear Theodore:- 

I feel that I must say a word to you before doing what I am going to do 
tomorrow. It will conclude the terrible business we have been going through (for 
I feel that no spade is ever likely to reach that monstrous place we know of), but 



395 



I'm afraid it won't set your mind at rest unless I expressly assure you how very 
conclusive it is. 

You have known me ever since you were a small boy, so I think you will not 
distrust me when I hint that some matters are best left undecided and 
unexplored. It is better that you attempt no further speculation as to Charles's 
case, and almost imperative that you tell his mother nothing more than she 
already suspects. When I call on you tomorrow Charles will have escaped. That 
is all which need remain in anyone's mind. He was mad, and he escaped. You 
can tell his mother gently and gradually about the mad part when you stop 
sending the typed notes in his name. I'd advise you to join her in Atlantic City 
and take a rest yourself. God knows you need one after this shock, as I do myself. 
I am going South for a while to calm down and brace up. 

So don't ask me any questions when I call. It may be that something will go 
wrong, but I'll tell you if it does. I don't think it will. There will be nothing more 
to worry about, for Charles will be very, very safe. He is now - safer than you 
dream. You need hold no fears about Allen, and who or what he is. He forms as 
much a part of the past as Joseph Curwen's picture, and when I ring your 
doorbell you may feel certain that there is no such person. And what wrote that 
minuscule message will never trouble you or yours. 

But you must steel yourself to melancholy, and prepare your wife to do the 
same. I must tell you frankly that Charles's escape will not mean his restoration 
to you. He has been afflicted with a peculiar disease, as you must realise from the 
subtle physical as well as mental changes in him, and you must not hope to see 
him again. Have only this consolation - that he was never a fiend or even truly a 
madman, but only an eager, studious, and curious boy whose love of mystery 
and of the past was his undoing. He stumbled on things no mortal ought ever to 
know, and reached back through the years as no one ever should reach; and 
something came out of those years to engulf him. 

And now comes the matter in which I must ask you to trust me most of all. For 
there will be, indeed, no uncertainty about Charles's fate. In about a year, say, 
you can if you wish devise a suitable account of the end; for the boy will be no 
more. You can put up a stone in your lot at the North Burial Ground exactly ten 
feet west of your father's and facing the same way, and that will mark the true 
resting-place of your son. Nor need you fear that it will mark any abnormality or 
changeling. The ashes in that grave will be those of your own unaltered bone and 
sinew - of the real Charles Dexter Ward whose mind you watched from infancy - 
the real Charles with the olive-mark on his hip and without the black witch-mark 
on his chest or the pit on his forehead. The Charles who never did actual evil, 
and who will have paid with his life for his "squeamishness". 



396 



That is all. Charles will have escaped, and a year from now you can put up his 
stone. Do not question me tomorrow. And believe that the honour of your 
ancient family remains untainted now, as it has been at all times in the past. 

With profoundest sympathy, and exhortations to fortitude, calmness, and 
resignation, I am ever 

Sincerely your friend, 

Marinus B. Willett. 

So on the morning of Friday, April 13, 1928, Marinus Bicknell Willett visited the 
room of Charles Dexter Ward at Dr. Waite's private hospital on Conanicut 
Island. The youth, though making no attempt to evade his caller, was in a sullen 
mood; and seemed disinclined to open the conversation which Willett obviously 
desired. The doctor's discovery of the crypt and his monstrous experience 
therein had of course created a new source of embarrassment, so that both 
hesitated perceptibly after the interchange of a few strained formalities. Then a 
new element of constraint crept in, as Ward seemed to read behind the doctor's 
mask-like face a terrible purpose which had never been there before. The patient 
quailed, conscious that since the last visit there had been a change whereby the 
solicitous family physician had given place to the ruthless and implacable 
avenger. 

Ward actually turned pale, and the doctor was the first to speak. 'More,' he said, 
'has been found out, and I must warn you fairly that a reckoning is due.' 

'Digging again, and coming upon more poor starving pets?' was the ironic reply. 
It was evident that the youth meant to shew bravado to the last. 

'No,' Willett slowly rejoined, 'this time I did not have to dig. We have had men 
looking up Dr. Allen, and they found the false beard and spectacles in the 
bungalow.' 

'Excellent,' commented the disquieted host in an effort to be wittily insulting, 
'and I trust they proved more becoming than the beard and glasses you now 
have on!' 

'They would become you very well,' came the even and studied response, 'as 
indeed they seem to have done.' 

As Willett said this, it almost seemed as though a cloud passed over the sun; 
though there was no change in the shadows on the floor. Then Ward ventured: 



397 



'And is this what asks so hotly for a reckoning? Suppose a man does find it now 
and then useful to be twofold?' 

'No', said Willett gravely, 'again you are wrong. It is no business of mine if any 
man seeks duality; provided he has any right to exist at all, and provided he does 
not destroy what called him out of space.' 

Ward now started violently. 'Well, Sir, what have ye found, and what d'ye want 
of me?' 

The doctor let a little time elapse before replying, as if choosing his words for an 
effective answer. 

'I have found', he finally intoned, 'something in a cupboard behind an ancient 
overmantel where a picture once was, and I have burned it and buried the ashes 
where the grave of Charles Dexter Ward ought to be.' 

The madman choked and sprang from the chair in which he had been sitting: 

'Damn ye, who did ye tell - and who'll believe it was he after these two full 
months, with me alive? What d'ye mean to do?' 

Willett, though a small man, actually took on a kind of judicial majesty as he 
calmed the patient with a gesture. 

'I have told no one. This is no common case - it is a madness out of time and a 
horror from beyond the spheres which no police or lawyers or courts or alienists 
could ever fathom or grapple with. Thank God some chance has left inside me 
the spark of imagination, that I might not go astray in thinking out this thing. 
You cannot deceive me, Joseph Curwen, for I know that your accursed magic is 
true!' 

'I know how you wove the spell that brooded outside the years and fastened on 
your double and descendant; I know how you drew him into the past and got 
him to raise you up from your detestable grave; I know how he kept you hidden 
in his laboratory while you studied modern things and roved abroad as a 
vampire by night, and how you later shewed yourself in beard and glasses that 
no one might wonder at your godless likeness to him; I know what you resolved 
to do when he balked at your monstrous rifling of the world's tombs, and at 
what you planned afterward , and I know how you did it.' 

'You left off your beard and glasses and fooled the guards around the house. 
They thought it was he who went in, and they thought it was he who came out 
when you had strangled and hidden him. But you hadn't reckoned on the 



398 



different contents of two minds. You were a fool, Joseph Curwen, to fancy that a 
mere visual identity would be enough. Why didn't you think of the speech and 
the voice and the handwriting? It hasn't worked, you see, after all. You know 
better than I who or what wrote that message in minuscules, but I will warn you 
it was not written in vain. There are abominations and blasphemies which must 
be stamped out, and I believe that the writer of those words will attend to Orne 
and Hutchinson. One of those creatures wrote you once, "do not call up any that 
you can not put down". You were undone once before, perhaps in that very way, 
and it may be that your own evil magic will undo you all again. Curwen, a man 
can't tamper with Nature beyond certain limits, and every horror you have 
woven will rise up to wipe you out.' 

But here the doctor was cut short by a convulsive cry from the creature before 
him. Hopelessly at bay, weaponless, and knowing that any show of physical 
violence would bring a score of attendants to the doctor's rescue, Joseph Curwen 
had recourse to his one ancient ally, and began a series of cabbalistic motions 
with his forefingers as his deep, hollow voice, now unconcealed by feigned 
hoarseness, bellowed out the opening words of a terrible formula. 

'PER ADONAI ELOIM, ADONAI JEHOVA, ADONAI SABAOTH, METRATON 



But Willett was too quick for him. Even as the dogs in the yard outside began to 
howl, and even as a chill wind sprang suddenly up from the bay, the doctor 
commenced the solemn and measured intonation of that which he had meant all 
along to recite. An eye for an eye - magic for magic - let the outcome shew how 
well the lesson of the abyss had been learned! So in a clear voice Marinus 
Bicknell Willett began the second of that pair of formulae whose first had raised 
the writer of those minuscules - the cryptic invocation whose heading was the 
Dragon's Tail, sign of the descending node - 

OGTHROD AI'F 

GEB'L-EE'H 

YOG-SOTHOTH 

'NGAH'NG AI'Y 

ZHRO! 

At the very first word from Willett's mouth the previously commenced formula 
of the patient stopped short. Unable to speak, the monster made wild motions 
with his arms until they too were arrested. When the awful name of Yog-Sothoth 
was uttered, the hideous change began. It was not merely a dissolution, but 
rather a transformation or recapitulation; and Willett shut his eyes lest he faint 
before the rest of the incantation could be pronounced. 



399 



But he did not faint, and that man of unholy centuries and forbidden secrets 
never troubled the world again. The madness out of time had subsided, and the 
case of Charles Dexter Ward was closed. Opening his eyes before staggering out 
of that room of horror. Dr. Willett saw that what he had kept in memory had not 
been kept amiss. There had, as he had predicted, been no need for acids. For like 
his accursed picture a year before, Joseph Curwen now lay scattered on the floor 
as a thin coating of fine bluish-grey dust. 



400 



The Cats of Ulthar 

Written on JunelS, 1920 

Published in November 1920 in The Tryout 

It is said that in Ulthar, which lies beyond the river Skai, no man may kill a cat; 
and this I can verily believe as I gaze upon him who sitteth purring before the 
fire. For the cat is cryptic, and close to strange things which men cannot see. He 
is the soul of antique Aegyptus, and bearer of tales from forgotten cities in Meroe 
and Ophir. He is the kin of the jungle's lords, and heir to the secrets of hoary and 
sinister Africa. The Sphinx is his cousin, and he speaks her language; but he is 
more ancient than the Sphinx, and remembers that which she hath forgotten. 

In Ulthar, before ever the burgesses forbade the killing of cats, there dwelt an old 
cotter and his wife who delighted to trap and slay the cats of their neighbors. 
Why they did this I know not; save that many hate the voice of the cat in the 
night, and take it ill that cats should run stealthily about yards and gardens at 
twilight. But whatever the reason, this old man and woman took pleasure in 
trapping and slaying every cat which came near to their hovel; and from some of 
the sounds heard after dark, many villagers fancied that the manner of slaying 
was exceedingly peculiar. But the villagers did not discuss such things with the 
old man and his wife; because of the habitual expression on the withered faces of 
the two, and because their cottage was so small and so darkly hidden under 
spreading oaks at the back of a neglected yard. In truth, much as the owners of 
cats hated these odd folk, they feared them more; and instead of berating them as 
brutal assassins, merely took care that no cherished pet or mouser should stray 
toward the remote hovel under the dark trees. When through some unavoidable 
oversight a cat was missed, and sounds heard after dark, the loser would lament 
impotently; or console himself by thanking Fate that it was not one of his 
children who had thus vanished. For the people of Ulthar were simple, and knew 
not whence it is all cats first came. 

One day a caravan of strange wanderers from the South entered the narrow 
cobbled streets of Ulthar. Dark wanderers they were, and unlike the other roving 
folk who passed through the village twice every year. In the market-place they 
told fortunes for silver, and bought gay beads from the merchants. What was the 
land of these wanderers none could tell; but it was seen that they were given to 
strange prayers, and that they had painted on the sides of their wagons strange 
figures with human bodies and the heads of cats, hawks, rams and lions. And the 
leader of the caravan wore a headdress with two horns and a curious disk 
betwixt the horns. 



401 



There was in this singular caravan a Httle boy with no father or mother, but only 
a tiny black kitten to cherish. The plague had not been kind to him, yet had left 
him this small furry thing to mitigate his sorrow; and when one is very young, 
one can find great relief in the lively antics of a black kitten. So the boy whom the 
dark people called Menes smiled more often than he wept as he sat playing with 
his graceful kitten on the steps of an oddly painted wagon. 

On the third morning of the wanderers' stay in Ulthar, Menes could not find his 
kitten; and as he sobbed aloud in the market-place certain villagers told him of 
the old man and his wife, and of sounds heard in the night. And when he heard 
these things his sobbing gave place to meditation, and finally to prayer. He 
stretched out his arms toward the sun and prayed in a tongue no villager could 
understand; though indeed the villagers did not try very hard to understand, 
since their attention was mostly taken up by the sky and the odd shapes the 
clouds were assuming. It was very peculiar, but as the little boy uttered his 
petition there seemed to form overhead the shadowy, nebulous figures of exotic 
things; of hybrid creatures crowned with horn-flanked disks. Nature is full of 
such illusions to impress the imaginative. 

That night the wanderers left Ulthar, and were never seen again. And the 
householders were troubled when they noticed that in all the village there was 
not a cat to be found. From each hearth the familiar cat had vanished; cats large 
and small, black, grey, striped, yellow and white. Old Kranon, the burgomaster, 
swore that the dark folk had taken the cats away in revenge for the killing of 
Menes' kitten; and cursed the caravan and the little boy. But Nith, the lean 
notary, declared that the old cotter and his wife were more likely persons to 
suspect; for their hatred of cats was notorious and increasingly bold. Still, no one 
durst complain to the sinister couple; even when little Atal, the innkeeper's son, 
vowed that he had at twilight seen all the cats of Ulthar in that accursed yard 
under the trees, pacing very slowly and solemnly in a circle around the cottage, 
two abreast, as if in performance of some unheard-of rite of beasts. The villagers 
did not know how much to believe from so small a boy; and though they feared 
that the evil pair had charmed the cats to their death, they preferred not to chide 
the old cotter till they met him outside his dark and repellent yard. 

So Ulthar went to sleep in vain anger; and when the people awakened at dawn— 
behold! every cat was back at his accustomed hearth! Large and small, black, 
grey, striped, yellow and white, none was missing. Very sleek and fat did the 
cats appear, and sonorous with purring content. The citizens talked with one 
another of the affair, and marveled not a little. Old Kranon again insisted that it 
was the dark folk who had taken them, since cats did not return alive from the 
cottage of the ancient man and his wife. But all agreed on one thing: that the 
refusal of all the cats to eat their portions of meat or drink their saucers of milk 



402 



was exceedingly curious. And for two whole days the sleek, lazy cats of Ulthar 
would touch no food, but only doze by the fire or in the sun. 

It was fully a week before the villagers noticed that no lights were appearing at 
dusk in the windows of the cottage under the trees. Then the lean Nith remarked 
that no one had seen the old man or his wife since the night the cats were away. 
In another week the burgomaster decided to overcome his fears and call at the 
strangely silent dwelling as a matter of duty, though in so doing he was careful 
to take with him Shang the blacksmith and Thul the cutter of stone as witnesses. 
And when they had broken down the frail door they found only this: two cleanly 
picked human skeletons on the earthen floor, and a number of singular beetles 
crawling in the shadowy corners. 

There was subsequently much talk among the burgesses of Ulthar. Zath, the 
coroner, disputed at length with Nith, the lean notary; and Kranon and Shang 
and Thul were overwhelmed with questions. Even little Atal, the innkeeper's 
son, was closely questioned and given a sweetmeat as reward. They talked of the 
old cotter and his wife, of the caravan of dark wanderers, of small Menes and his 
black kitten, of the prayer of Menes and of the sky during that prayer, of the 
doings of the cats on the night the caravan left, and of what was later found in 
the cottage under the dark trees in the repellent yard. 

And in the end the burgesses passed that remarkable law which is told of by 
traders in Hatheg and discussed by travelers in Nir; namely, that in Ulthar no 
man may kill a cat. 



403 



The Colour Out of Space 

Written in March of 1927 

Published in September 1927 in Amazing Stories 

West of Arkham the hills rise wild, and there are valleys with deep woods that 
no axe has ever cut. There are dark narrow glens where the trees slope 
fantastically, and where thin brooklets trickle without ever having caught the 
glint of sunlight. On the gentle slopes there are farms, ancient and rocky, with 
squat, moss-coated cottages brooding eternally over old New England secrets in 
the lee of great ledges; but these are all vacant now, the wide chimneys 
crumbling and the shingled sides bulging perilously beneath low gambrel roofs. 

The old folk have gone away, and foreigners do not like to live there. French- 
Canadians have tried it, Italians have tried it, and the Poles have come and 
departed. It is not because of anything that can be seen or heard or handled, but 
because of something that is imagined. The place is not good for imagination, 
and does not bring restful dreams at night. It must be this which keeps the 
foreigners away, for old Ammi Pierce has never told them of anything he recalls 
from the strange days. Ammi, whose head has been a little queer for years, is the 
only one who still remains, or who ever talks of the strange days; and he dares to 
do this because his house is so near the open fields and the travelled roads 
around Arkham. 

There was once a road over the hills and through the valleys, that ran straight 
where the blasted heath is now; but people ceased to use it and a new road was 
laid curving far toward the south. Traces of the old one can still be found amidst 
the weeds of a returning wilderness, and some of them will doubtless linger even 
when half the hollows are flooded for the new reservoir. Then the dark woods 
will be cut down and the blasted heath will slumber far below blue waters whose 
surface will mirror the sky and ripple in the sun. And the secrets of the strange 
days will be one with the deep's secrets; one with the hidden lore of old ocean, 
and all the mystery of primal earth. 

When I went into the hills and vales to survey for the new reservoir they told me 
the place was evil. They told me this in Arkham, and because that is a very old 
town full of witch legends I thought the evil must he something which grandams 
had whispered to children through centuries. The name "blasted heath" seemed 
to me very odd and theatrical, and I wondered how it had come into the folklore 
of a Puritan people. Then I saw that dark westward tangle of glens and slopes for 
myself, end ceased to wonder at anything beside its own elder mystery. It was 



404 



morning when I saw it, but shadow lurked always there. The trees grew too 
thickly, and their trunks were too big for any healthy New England wood. There 
was too much silence in the dim alleys between them, and the floor was too soft 
with the dank moss and mattings of infinite years of decay. 

In the open spaces, mostly along the line of the old road, there were little hillside 
farms; sometimes with all the buildings standing, sometimes with only 6ne or 
two, and sometimes with only a lone chimney or fast-filling cellar. Weeds and 
briers reigned, and furtive wild things rustled in the undergrowth. Upon 
everything was a haze of restlessness and oppression; a touch of the unreal and 
the grotesque, as if some vital element of perspective or chiaroscuro were awry. I 
did not wonder that the foreigners would not stay, for this was no region to sleep 
in. It was too much like a landscape of Salvator Rosa; too much like some 
forbidden woodcut in a tale of terror. 

But even all this was not so bad as the blasted heath. I knew it the moment I 
came upon it at the bottom of a spacious valley; for no other name could fit such 
a thing, or any other thing fit such a name. It was as if the poet had coined the 
phrase from having seen this one particular region. It must, I thought as I viewed 
it, be the outcome of a fire; but why had nothing new ever grown over these five 
acres of grey desolation that sprawled open to the sky like a great spot eaten by 
acid in the woods and fields? It lay largely to the north of the ancient road line, 
but encroached a little on the other side. I felt an odd reluctance about 
approaching, and did so at last only because my business took me through and 
past it. There was no vegetation of any kind on that broad expanse, but only a 
fine grey dust or ash which no wind seemed ever to blow about. The trees near it 
were sickly and stunted, and many dead trunks stood or lay rotting at the rim. 
As I walked hurriedly by I saw the tumbled bricks and stones of an old chimney 
and cellar on my right, and the yawning black maw of an abandoned well whose 
stagnant vapours played strange tricks with the hues of the sunlight. Even the 
long, dark woodland climb beyond seemed welcome in contrast, and I marvelled 
no more at the frightened whispers of Arkham people. There had been no house 
or ruin near; even in the old days the place must have been lonely and remote. 
And at twilight, dreading to repass that ominous spot, I walked circuitously back 
to the town by the curious road on the south. I vaguely wished some clouds 
would gather, for an odd timidity about the deep skyey voids above had crept 
into my soul. 

In the evening I asked old people in Arkham about the blasted heath, and what 
was meant by that phrase "strange days" which so many evasively muttered. I 
could not, however, get any good answersl except that all the mystery was much 
more recent than I had dreamed. It was not a matter of old legendry at all, but 
something within the lifetime of those who spoke. It had happened in the 



405 



'eighties, and a family had disappeared or was killed. Speakers would not be 
exact; and because they all told me to pay no attention to old Ammi Pierce's 
crazy tales, I sought him out the next morning, having heard that he lived alone 
in the ancient tottering cottage where the trees first begin to get very thick. It was 
a fearsomely ancient place, and had begun to exude the faint miasmal odour 
which clings about houses that have stood too long. Only with persistent 
knocking could I rouse the aged man, and when he shuffled timidly to the door 
could could tell he was not glad to see me. He was not so feeble as I had 
expected; but his eyes drooped in a curious way, and his unkempt clothing and 
white beard made him seem very worn and dismal. 

Not knowing just how he could best be launched on his tales, I feigned a matter 
of business; told him of my surveying, and asked vague questions about the 
district. He was far brighter and more educated than I had been led to think, and 
before I knew it had graNped quite as much of the subject as any man I had 
talked with in Arkham. He was not like other rustics I bad known in the sections 
where reservoirs were to be. From him there were no protests at the miles of old 
wood and farmland to be blotted out, though perhaps there would have been 
had not his home lain outside the bounds of the future lake. Relief was all that he 
showed; relief at the doom of the dark ancient valleys through which he had 
roamed all his life. They were better under water now - better under water since 
the strange days. And with this opening his husky voice sank low, while his 
body leaned forward and his right forefinger began to point shakily and 
impressively. 

It was then that I heard the story, and as the rambling voice scraped and 
whispered on I shivered again and again spite the summer day. Often I had to 
recall the speaker from ramblings, piece out scientific points which he knew only 
by a fading parrot memory of professors' talk, or bridge over gaps, where his 
sense of logic and continuity broke down. When he was done I did not wonder 
that his mind had snapped a trifle, or that the folk of Arkham would not speak 
much of the blasted heath. I hurried back before sunset to my hotel, unwilling to 
have the stars come out above me in the open; and the next day returned to - 
Boston to give up my position. I could not go into that dim chaos of old forest 
and slope again, or face another time that grey blasted heath where the black 
well yawned deep beside the tumbled bricks and stones. The reservoir will soon 
be built now, and all those elder secrets will be safe forever under watery 
fathoms. But even then I do not believe I would like to visit that country by night 
- at least not when the sinister stars are out; and nothing could bribe me to drink 
the new city water of Arkham. 

It all began, old Ammi said, with the meteorite. Before that time there had been 
no wild legends at all since the witch trials, and even then these western woods 



406 



were not feared half so much as the small island in the Miskatonic where the 
devil held court beside a curious 'lone altar older than the Indians. These were 
not haunted woods, and their fantastic dusk was never terrible till the strange 
days. Then there had come that white noontide cloud, that string of explosions in 
the air, and that pillar of smoke from the valley far in the wood. And by night all 
Arkham had heard of the great rock that fell out of the sky and bedded itself in 
the ground beside the well at the Nahum Gardner place. That was the house 
which had stood where the blasted heath was to come - the trim white Nahum 
Gardner house amidst its fertile gardens and orchards. 

Nahum had come to town to tell people about the stone, and dropped in at 
Ammi Pierce's on the way. Ammi was forty then, and all the queer things were 
fixed very strongly in his mind. He and his wife had gone with the three 
professors from Miskatonic University who hastened out the next morning to see 
the weird visitor from unknown stellar space, and had wondered why Nahum 
had called it so large the day before. It had shrunk, Nahum said as he pointed 
out the big brownish mound above the ripped earth and charred grass near the 
archaic well-sweep in his front yard; but the wise men answered that stones do 
not shrink. Its heat lingered persistently, and Nahum declared it had glowed 
faintly in the night. The professors tried it with a geologist's hammer and found 
it was oddly soft. It was, in truth, so soft as to be almost plastic; and they gouged 
rather than chipped a specimen to take back to the college for testing. They took 
it in an old pail borrowed from Nahum's kitchen, for even the small piece 
refused to grow cool. On the trip back they stopped at Ammi's to rest, and 
seemed thoughtful when Mrs. Pierce remarked that the fragment was growing 
smaller and burning the bottom of the pail. Truly, it was not large, but perhaps 
they had taken less than they thought. 

The day after that-all this was in June of '82-the professors had trooped out again 
in a great excitement. As they passed Ammi's they told him what queer things 
the specimen had done, and how it had faded wholly away when they put it in a 
glass beaker. The beaker had gone, too, and the wise men talked of the strange 
stone's affinity for silicon. It had acted quite unbelievably in that well-ordered 
laboratory; doing nothing at all and showing no occluded gases when heated on 
charcoal, being wholly negative in the borax bead, and soon proving itself 
absolutely non-volatile at any producible temperature, including that of the oxy- 
hydrogen blowpipe. On an anvil it appeared highly malleable, and in the dark its 
luminosity was very marked. Stubbornly refusing to grow cool, it soon had the 
college in a state of real excitement; and when upon heating before the 
spectroscope it displayed shining bands unlike any known colours of the normal 
spectrum there was much breathless talk of new elements, bizarre optical 
properties, and other things which puzzled men of science are wont to say when 
faced by the unknown. 



407 



Hot as it was, they tested it in a crucible with all the proper reagents. Water did 
nothing. Hydrochloric acid was the same. Nitric acid and even aqua regia merely 
hissed and spattered against its torrid invulnerability. Ammi had difficulty in 
recalling all these things, but recognized some solvents as I mentioned them in 
the usual order of use. There were am monia and caustic soda, alcohol and ether, 
nauseous carbon disulphide and a dozen others; but although the weight grew 
steadily less as time passed, and the fragment seemed to be slightly cooling, 
there was no change in the solvents to show that they had attacked the substance 
at all. It was a metal, though, beyond a doubt. It was magnetic, for one thing; and 
after its immersion in the acid solvents there seemed to be faint traces of the 
Widmanstatten figures found on meteoric iron. When the cooling had grown 
very considerable, the testing was carried on in glass; and it was in a glass beaker 
that they left all the chips made of the original fragment during the work. The 
next morning both chips and beaker were gone without trace, and only a charred 
spot marked the place on the wooden shelf where they had been. 

All this the professors told Ammi as they paused at his door, and once more he 
went with them to see the stony messenger from the stars, though this time his 
wife did not accompany him. It had now most cer tainly shrunk, and even the 
sober professors could not doubt the truth of what they saw. All around the 
dwindling brown lump near the well was a vacant space, except where the earth 
had caved in; and whereas it had been a good seven feet across the day before, it 
was now scarcely five. It was still hot, and the sages studied its surface curiously 
as they detached another and larger piece with hammer and chisel. They gouged 
deeply this time, and as they pried away the smaller mass they saw that the core 
of the thing was not quite homogeneous. 

They had uncovered what seemed to be the side of a large coloured globule 
embedded in the substance. The colour, which resembled some of the bands in 
the meteor's strange spectrum, was almost impossible to describe; and it was 
only by analogy that they called it colour at all. Its texture was glossy, and upon 
tapping it appeared to promise both brittle ness and hollowness. One of the 
professors gave it a smart blow with a hammer, and it burst with a nervous little 
pop. Nothing was emitted, and all trace of the thing vanished with the 
puncturing. It left behind a hollow spherical space about three inches across, and 
all thought it probable that others would be discovered as the enclosing 
substance wasted away. 

Conjecture was vain; so after a futile attempt to find additional globules by 
drilling, the seekers left again with their new specimen which proved, however, 
as baffling in the laboratory as its predecessor. Aside from being almost plastic, 
having heat, magnetism, and slight luminosity, cooling slightly in powerful 
acids, possessing an unknown spec trum, wasting away in air, and attacking 



408 



silicon compounds with mutual destruction as a result, it presented no 
identifying features whatsoever; and at the end of the tests the college scientists 
were forced to own that they could not place it. It was nothing of this earth, but a 
piece of the great outside; and as such dowered with outside properties and 
obedient to outside laws. 

That night there was a thunderstorm, and when the professors went out to 
Nahum's the next day they met with a bitter disappointment. The stone, 
magnetic as it had been, must have had some peculiar electrical property; for it 
had "drawn the lightning," as Nahum said, with a singular persistence. Six times 
within an hour the farmer saw the lightning strike the furrow in the front yard, 
and when the storm was over nothing remained but a ragged pit by the ancient 
well-sweep, half-choked with a caved-in earth. Digging had borne no fruit, and 
the scientists verified the fact of the utter vanishment. The failure was total; so 
that nothing was left to do but go back to the laboratory and test again the 
disappearing fragment left carefully cased in lead. That fragment lasted a week, 
at the end of which nothing of value had been learned of it. When it had gone, no 
residue was left behind, and in time the professors felt scarcely sure they had 
indeed seen with waking eyes that cryptic vestige of the fathomless gulfs 
outside; that lone, weird message from other universes and other realms of 
matter, force, and entity. 

As was natural, the Arkham papers made much of the incident with its collegiate 
sponsoring, and sent reporters to talk with Nahum Gardner and his family. At 
least one Boston daily also sent a scribe, and Nahum quickly became a kind of 
local celebrity. He was a lean, genial person of about fifty, living with his wife 
and three sons on the pleasant farmstead in the valley. He and Ammi exchanged 
visits frequently, as did their wives; and Ammi had nothing but praise for him 
after all these years. He seemed slightly proud of the notice his place had 
attracted, and talked often of the meteorite in the succeeding weeks. That July 
and August were hot; and Nahum worked hard at his haying in the ten-acre 
pasture across Chapman's Brook; his rattling wain wearing deep ruts in the 
shadowy lanes between. The labour tired him more than it had in other years, 
and he felt that age was beginning to tell on him. 

Then fell the time of fruit and harvest. The pears and apples slowly ripened, and 
Nahum vowed that his orchards were prospering as never before. The fruit was 
growing to phenomenal size and unwonted gloss, and in such abundance that 
extra barrels were ordered to handle the future crop. But with the ripening came 
sore disappointment, for of all that gorgeous array of specious lusciousness not 
one single jot was fit to eat. Into the fine flavour of the pears and apples had 
crept a stealthy bitterness and sickishness, so that even the smallest bites induced 
a lasting disgust. It was the same with the melons and tomatoes, and Nahum 



409 



sadly saw that his entire crop was lost. Quick to connect events, he declared that 
the meteorite had poisoned the soil, and thanked Heaven that most of the other 
crops were in the upland lot along the road. 

Winter came early, and was very cold. Ammi saw Nahum less often than usual, 
and observed that he had begun to look worried. The rest of his family too, 
seemed to have grown taciturn; and were far from steady in their church-going 
or their attendance at the various social events of the countryside. For this 
reserve or melancholy no cause could be found, though all the household 
confessed now and then to poorer health and a feeling of vague disquiet. Nahum 
himself gave the most definite statement of anyone when he said he was 
disturbed about certain footprints in the snow. They were the usual winter prints 
of red squirrels, white rabbits, and foxes, but the brooding farmer professed to 
see something not quite right about their nature and arrangement. He was never 
specific, but appeared to think that they were not as characteristic of the anatomy 
and habits of squirrels and rabbits and foxes as they ought to be. Ammi listened 
without interest to this talk until one night when he drove past Nahum's house 
in his sleigh on the way back from Clark's Comer. There had been a moon, and a 
rabbit had run across the road, and the leaps of that rabbit were longer than 
either Ammi or his horse liked. The latter, indeed, had almost run away when 
brought up by a firm rein. Thereafter Ammi gave Nahum's tales more respect, 
and wondered why the Gardner dogs seemed so cowed and quivering every 
morning. They had, it developed, nearly lost the spirit to bark. 

In February the McGregor boys from Meadow Hill were out shooting 
woodchucks, and not far from the Gardner place bagged a very peculiar 
specimen. The proportions of its body seemed slightly altered in a queer way 
impossible to describe, while its face had taken on an expression which no one 
ever saw in a woodchuck before. The boys were genuinely frightened, and threw 
the thing away at once, so that only their grotesque tales of it ever reached the 
people of the countryside. But the shying of horses near Nahum's house had 
now become an acknowledged thing, and all the basis for a cycle of whispered 
legend was fast taking form. 

People vowed that the snow melted faster around Nahum's than it did anywhere 
else, and early in March there was an awed discussion in Potter's general store at 
Clark's Corners. Stephen Rice had driven past Gardner's in the morning, and 
had noticed the skunk-cabbages coming up through the mud by the woods 
across the road. Never were things of such size seen before, and they held 
strange colours that could not be put into any words. Their shapes were 
monstrous, and the horse had snorted at an odour which struck Stephen as 
wholly unprecedented. That afternoon several persons drove past to see the 
abnormal growth, and all agreed that plants of that kind ought never to sprout in 



410 



a healthy world. The bad fruit of the fall before was freely mentioned, and it 
went from mouth to mouth that there was poison in Nahum's ground. Of course 
it was the meteorite; and remembering how strange the men from the college 
had found that stone to be, several farmers spoke about the matter to them. 

One day they paid Nahum a visit; but having no love of wild tales and folklore 
were very conservative in what they inferred. The plants were certainly odd, but 
all skunk-cabbages are more or less odd in shape and hue. Perhaps some mineral 
element from the stone had entered the soil, but it would soon be washed away. 
And as for the footprints and frightened horses - of course this was mere country 
talk which such a phenomenon as the aerolite would be certain to start. There 
was really nothing for serious men to do in cases of wild gossip, for superstitious 
rustics will say and believe anything. And so all through the strange days the 
professors stayed away in contempt. Only one of them, when given two phials of 
dust for analysis in a police job over a year and half later, recalled that the queer 
colour of that skunk-cabbage had been very like one of the anomalous bands of 
light shown by the meteor fragment in the college spectroscope, and like the 
brittle globule found imbedded in the stone from the abyss. The samples in this 
analysis case gave the same odd bands at first, though later they lost the 
property. 

The trees budded prematurely around Nahum's, and at night they swayed 
ominously in the wind. Nahum's second son Thaddeus, a lad of fifteen, swore 
that they swayed also when there was no wind; but even the gossips would not 
credit this. Certainly, however, restlessness was in the air. The entire Gardner 
family developed the habit of stealthy listening, though not for any sound which 
they could consciously name. The listening was, indeed, rather a product of 
moments when consciousness seemed half to slip away. Unfortunately such 
moments increased week by week, till it became common speech that 
"something was wrong with all Nahum's folks." When the early saxifrage came 
out it had another strange colour; not quite like that of the skunk-cabbage, but 
plainly related and equally unknown to anyone who saw it. Nahum took some 
blossoms to Arkham and showed them to the editor of the Gazette, but that 
dignitary did no more than write a humorous article about them, in which the 
dark fears of rustics were held up to polite ridicule. It was a mistake of Nahum's 
to tell a stolid city man about the way the great, overgrown mourning-cloak 
butterflies behaved in connection with these saxifrages. 

April brought a kind of madness to the country folk, and began that disuse of the 
road past Nahum's which led to its ultimate abandonment. It was the vegetation. 
All the orchard trees blossomed forth in strange colours, and through the stony 
soil of the yard and adjacent pasturage there sprang up a bizarre growth which 
only a botanist could connect with the proper flora of the region. No sane 



411 



wholesome colours were anywhere to be seen except in the green grass and 
leafage; but everywhere were those hectic and prismatic variants of some 
diseased, underlying primary tone without a place among the' known tints of 
earth. The "Dutchman's breeches" became a thing of sinister menace, and the 
bloodroots grew insolent in their chromatic perversion. Ammi and the Gardners 
thought that most of the colours had a sort of haunting familiarity, and decided 
that they reminded one of the brittle globule in the meteor. Nahum ploughed 
and sowed the ten-acre pasture and the upland lot, but did nothing with the land 
around the house. He knew it would be of no use, and hoped that the summer's 
strange growths would draw all the poison from the soil. He was prepared for 
almost anything now, and had grown used to the sense of something near him 
waiting to be heard. The shunning of his house by neighbors told on him, of 
course; but it told on his wife more. The boys were better off, being at school 
each day; but they could not help being frightened by the gossip. Thaddeus, an 
especially sensitive youth, suffered the most. 

In May the insects came, and Nahum's place became a nightmare of buzzing and 
crawling. Most of the creatures seemed not quite usual in their aspects and 
motions, and their nocturnal habits contradicted all former experience. The 
Gardners took to watching at night - watching in all directions at random for 
something - they could not tell what. It was then that they owned that Thaddeus 
had been right about the trees. Mrs. Gardner was the next to see it from the 
window as she watched the swollen boughs of a maple against a moonlit sky. 
The boughs surely moved, and there was no 'wind. It must be the sap. 
Strangeness had come into everything growing now. Yet it was none of Nahum's 
family at all who made the next discovery. Familiarity had dulled them, and 
what they could not see was glimpsed by a timid windmill salesman from Bolton 
who drove by one night in ignorance of the country legends. What he told in 
Arkham was given a short paragraph in the Gazette; and it was there that all the 
farmers, Nahum included, saw it first. The night had been dark and the buggy- 
lamps faint, but around a farm in the valley which everyone knew from the 
account must be Nahum's, the darkness had been less thick. A dim though 
distinct luminosity seemed to inhere in all the vegetation, grass, leaves, and 
blossoms alike, while at one moment a detached piece of the phosphorescence 
appeared to stir furtively in the yard near the barn. 

The grass had so far seemed untouched, and the cows were freely pastured in the 
lot near the house, but toward the end of May the milk began to be bad. Then 
Nahum had the cows driven to the uplands, after which this trouble ceased. Not 
long after this the change in grass and leaves became apparent to the eye. All the 
verdure was going grey, and was developing a highly singular quality of 
brittleness. Ammi was now the only person who ever visited the place, and his 
visits were becoming fewer and fewer. When school closed the Gardners were 



412 



virtually cut off from the world, and sometimes let Ammi do their errands in 
town. They were failing curiously both physically and mentally, and no one was 
surprised when the news of Mrs. Gardner's madness stole around. 

It happened in June, about the anniversary of the meteor's fall, and the poor 
woman screamed about things in the air which she could not describe. In her 
raving there was not a single specific noun, but only verbs and pronouns. Things 
moved and changed and fluttered, and ears tingled to impulses which were not 
wholly sounds. Something was taken away - she was being drained of something 
- something was fastening itself on her that ought not to be - someone must make 
it keep off - nothing was ever still in the night - the walls and windows shifted. 
Nahum did not send her to the county asylum, but let her wander about the 
house as long as she was harmless to herself and others. Even when her 
expression changed he did nothing. But when the boys grew afraid of her, and 
Thaddeus nearly fainted at the way she made faces at him, he decided to keep 
her locked in the attic. By July she had ceased to speak and crawled on all fours, 
and before that month was over Nahum got the mad notion that she was slightly 
luminous in the dark, as he now clearly saw was the case with the nearby 
vegetation. 

It was a little before this that the horses had stampeded. Something had aroused 
them in the night, and their neighing and kicking in their stalls had been terrible. 
There seemed virtually nothing to do to calm them, and when Nahum opened 
the stable door they all bolted out like frightened woodland deer. It took a week 
to track all four, and when found they were seen to be quite useless and 
unmanageable. Something had snapped in their brains, and each one had to be 
shot for its own good. Nahum borrowed a horse from Ammi for his haying, but 
found it would not approach the barn. It shied, balked, and whinnied, and in the 
end he could do nothing but drive it into the yard while the men used their own 
strength to get the heavy wagon near enough the hayloft for convenient pitching. 
And all the while the vegetation was turning grey and brittle. Even the flowers 
whose hues had been so strange were greying now, and the fruit was coming out 
grey and dwarfed and tasteless. The asters and golden-rod bloomed grey and 
distorted, and the roses and zinneas and hollyhocks in the front yard were such 
blasphemous-looking things that Nahum's oldest boy Zenas cut them down. The 
strangely puffed insects died about that time, even the bees that had left their 
hives and taken to the woods. 

By September all the vegetation was fast crumbling to a greyish powder, and 
Nahum feared that the trees would die before the poison was out of the soil. His 
wife now had spells of terrific screaming, and he and the boys were in a constant 
state of nervous tension. They shunned people now, and when school opened the 
boys did not go. But it was Ammi, on one of his rare visits, who first realised that 



413 



the well water was no longer good. It had an evil taste that was not exactly fetid 
nor exactly salty, and Ammi advised his friend to dig another well on higher 
ground to use till the soil was good again. Nahum, however, ignored the 
warning, for he had by that time become calloused to strange and unpleasant 
things. He and the boys continued to use the tainted supply, drinking it as 
listlessly and mechanically as they ate their meagre and ill-cooked meals and did 
their thankless and monotonous chores through the aimless days. There was 
something of stolid resignation about them all, as if they walked half in another 
world between lines of nameless guards to a certain and familiar doom. 

Thaddeus went mad in September after a visit to the well. He had gone with a 
pail and had come back empty-handed, shrieking and waving his arms, and 
sometimes lapsing into an inane titter or a whisper about "the moving colours 
down there." Two in one family was pretty bad, but Nahum was very brave 
about it. He let the boy run about for a week until he began stumbling and 
hurting himself, and then he shut him in an attic room across the hall from his 
mother's. The way they screamed at each other from behind their locked doors 
was very terrible, especially to little Merwin, who fancied they talked in some 
terrible language that was not of earth. Merwin was getting frightfully 
imaginative, and his restlessness was worse after the shutting away of the 
brother who had been his greatest playmate. 

Almost at the same time the mortality among the livestock commenced. Poultry 
turned greyish and died very quickly, their meat being found dry and noisome 
upon cutting. Hogs grew inordinately fat, then suddenly began to undergo 
loathsome changes which no one could explain. Their meat was of course 
useless, and Nahum was at his wit's end. No rural veterinary would approach 
his place, and the city veterinary from Arkham was openly baffled. The swine 
began growing grey and brittle and falling to pieces before they died, and their 
eyes and muzzles developed singular alterations. It was very inexplicable, for 
they had never been fed from the tainted vegetation. Then something struck the 
cows. Certain areas or sometimes the whole body would be uncannily shrivelled 
or compressed, and atrocious collapses or disintegrations were common. In the 
last stages - and death was always the result - there would be a greying and 
turning brittle like that which beset the hogs. There could be no question of 
poison, for all the cases occurred in a locked and undisturbed barn. No bites of 
prowling things could have brought the virus, for what live beast of earth can 
pass through solid obstacles? It must be only natural disease - yet what disease 
could wreak such results was beyond any mind's guessing. When the harvest 
came there was not an animal surviving on the place, for the stock and poultry 
were dead and the dogs had run away. These dogs, three in number, had all 
vanished one night and were never heard of again. The five cats had left some 



414 



time before, but their going was scarcely noticed since there now seemed to be no 
mice, and only Mrs. Gardner had made pets of the graceful felines. 

On the nineteenth of October Nahum staggered into Ammi's house with hideous 
news. The death had come to poor Thaddeus in his attic room, and it had come 
in a way which could not be told. Nahum had dug a grave in the railed family 
plot behind the farm, and had put therein what he found. There could have been 
nothing from outside, for the small barred window and locked door were intact; 
but it was much as it had been in the barn. Ammi and his wife consoled the 
stricken man as best they could, but shuddered as they did so. Stark terror 
seemed to cling round the Gardners and all they touched, and the very presence 
of one in the house was a breath from regions unnamed and unnamable. Ammi 
accompanied Nahum home with the greatest reluctance, and did what he might 
to calm the hysterical sobbing of little Merwin. Zenas needed no calming. He had 
come of late to do nothing but stare into space and obey what his father told him; 
and Ammi thought that his fate was very merciful. Now and then Merwin's 
screams were answered faintly from the attic, and in response to an inquiring 
look Nahum said that his wife was getting very feeble. When night approached, 
Ammi managed to get away; for not even friendship could make him stay in that 
spot when the faint glow of the vegetation began and the trees may or may not 
have swayed without wind. It was really lucky for Ammi that he was not more 
imaginative. Even as things were, his mind was bent ever so slightly; but had he 
been able to connect and reflect upon all the portents around him he must 
inevitably have turned a total maniac. In the twilight he hastened home, the 
screams of the mad woman and the nervous child ringing horribly in his ears. 

Three days later Nahum burst into Ammi's kitchen in the early morning, and in 
the absence of his host stammered out a desperate tale once more, while Mrs. 
Pierce listened in a clutching fright. It was little Merwin this time. He was gone. 
He had gone out late at night with a lantern and pail for water, and had never 
come back. He'd been going to pieces for days, and hardly knew what he was 
about. Screamed at everything. There had been a frantic shriek from the yard 
then, but before the father could get to the door the boy was gone. There was no 
glow from the lantern he had taken, and of the child himself no trace. At the time 
Nahum thought the lantern and pail were gone too; but when dawn came, and 
the man had plodded back from his all-night search of the woods and fields, he 
had found some very curious things near the well. There was a crushed and 
apparently somewhat melted mass of iron which had certainly been the lantern; 
while a bent handle and twisted iron hoops beside it, both half-fused, seemed to 
hint at the remnants of the pail. That was all. Nahum was past imagining, Mrs. 
Pierce was blank, and Ammi, when he had reached home and heard the tale, 
could give no guess. Merwin was gone, and there would be no use in telling the 
people around, who shunned all Gardners now. No use, either, in telling the city 



415 



people at Arkham who laughed at everything. Thad was gone, and now Merwin 
was gone. Something was creeping and creeping and waiting to be seen and 
heard. Nahum would go soon, and he wanted Ammi to look after his wife and 
Zenas if they survived him. It must all be a judgment of some sort; though he 
could not fancy what for, since he had always walked uprightly in the Lord's 
ways so far as he knew. 

For over two weeks Ammi saw nothing of Nahum; and then, worried about 
what might have happened, he overcame his fears and paid the Gardner place a 
visit. There was no smoke from the great chimney, and for a moment the visitor 
was apprehensive of the worst. The aspect of the whole farm was shocking - 
greyish withered grass and leaves on the ground, vines falling in brittle 
wreckage from archaic walls and gables, and great bare trees clawing up at the 
grey November sky with a studied malevolence which Ammi could not but feel 
had come from some subtle change in the tilt of the branches. But Nahum was 
alive, after all. He was weak, and lying on a couch in the low-ceiled kitchen, but 
perfectly conscious and able to give simple orders to Zenas. The room was 
deadly cold; and as Ammi visibly shivered, the host shouted huskily to Zenas for 
more wood. Wood, indeed, was sorely needed; since the cavernous fireplace was 
unlit and empty, with a cloud of soot blowing about in the chill wind that came 
down the chimney. Presently Nahum asked him if the extra wood had made him 
any more comfortable, and then Ammi saw what had happened. The stoutest 
cord had broken at last, and the hapless farmer's mind was proof against more 
sorrow. 

Questioning tactfully, Ammi could get no clear data at all about the missing 
Zenas. "In the well - he lives in the well - " was all that the clouded father would 
say. Then there flashed across the visitor's mind a sudden thought of the mad 
wife, and he changed his line of inquiry. "Nabby? Why, here she is!" was the 
surprised response of poor Nahum, and Ammi soon saw that he must search for 
himself. Leaving the harmless babbler on the couch, he took the keys from their 
nail beside the door and climbed the creaking stairs to the attic. It was very close 
and noisome up there, and no sound could be heard from any direction. Of the 
four doors in sight, only one was locked, and on this he tried various keys of the 
ring he had taken. The third key proved the right one, and after some fumbling 
Ammi threw open the low white door. 

It was quite dark inside, for the window was small and half-obscured by the 
crude wooden bars; and Ammi could see nothing at all on the wide-planked 
floor. The stench was beyond enduring, and before proceeding further he had to 
retreat to another room and return with his lungs filled with breathable air. 
When he did enter he saw something dark in the corner, and upon seeing it more 
clearly he screamed outright. While he screamed he thought a momentary cloud 



416 



eclipsed the window, and a second later he felt himself brushed as if by some 
hateful current of vapour. Strange colours danced before his eyes; and had not a 
present horror numbed him he would have thought of the globule in the meteor 
that the geologist's hammer had shattered, and of the morbid vegetation that had 
sprouted in the spring. As it was he thought only of the blasphemous 
monstrosity which confronted him, and which all too clearly had shared the 
nameless fate of young Thaddeus and the livestock. But the terrible thing about 
the horror was that it very slowly and perceptibly moved as it continued to 
crumble. 

Ammi would give me no added particulars of this scene, but the shape in the 
comer does not reappear in his tale as a moving object. There are things which 
cannot be mentioned, and what is done in common humanity is sometimes 
cruelly judged by the law. I gathered that no moving thing was left in that attic 
room, and that to leave anything capable of motion there would have been a 
deed so monstrous as to damn any accountable being to eternal torment. Anyone 
but a stolid farmer would have fainted or gone mad, but Ammi walked 
conscious through that low doorway and locked the accursed secret behind him. 
There would be Nahum to deal with now; he must be fed and tended, and 
removed to some place where he could be cared for. 

Commencing his descent of the dark stairs. Ammi heard a thud below him. He 
even thought a scream had been suddenly choked off, and recalled nervously the 
clammy vapour which had brushed by him in that frightful room above. What 
presence had his cry and entry started up? Halted by some vague fear, he heard 
still further sounds below. Indubitably there was a sort of heavy dragging, and a 
most detestably sticky noise as of some fiendish and unclean species of suction. 
With an associative sense goaded to feverish heights, he thought unaccountably 
of what he had seen upstairs. Good God! What eldritch dream-world was this 
into which he had blundered? He dared move neither backward nor forward, 
but stood there trembling at the black curve of the boxed-in staircase. Every trifle 
of the scene burned itself into his brain. The sounds, the sense of dread 
expectancy, the darkness, the steepness of the narrow step - and merciful 
Heaven! - the faint but unmistakable luminosity of all the woodwork in sight; 
steps, sides, exposed laths, and beams alike. 

Then there burst forth a frantic whinny from Ammi's horse outside, followed at 
once by a clatter which told of a frenzied runaway. In another moment horse and 
buggy had gone beyond earshot, leaving the frightened man on the dark stairs to 
guess what had sent them. But that was not all. There had been another sound 
out there. A sort of liquid splash - water - it must have been the well. He had left 
Hero untied near it, and a buggy wheel must have brushed the coping and 
knocked in a stone. And still the pale phosphorescence glowed in that detestably 



417 



ancient woodwork. God! how old the house was! Most of it buih before 1670, 
and the gambrel roof no later than 1730. 

A feeble scratching on the floor downstairs now sounded distinctly, and Ammi's 
grip tightened on a heavy stick he had picked up in the attic for some purpose. 
Slowly nerving himself, he finished his descent and walked boldly toward the 
kitchen. But he did not complete the walk, because what he sought was no 
longer there. It had come to meet him, and it was still alive after a fashion. 
Whether it had crawled or whether it had been dragged by any external forces, 
Ammi could not say; but the death had been at it. Everything had happened in 
the last half-hour, but collapse, greying, and disintegration were already far 
advanced. There was a horrible brittleness, and dry fragments were scaling off. 
Ammi could not touch it, but looked horrifiedly into the distorted parody that 
had been a face. "What was it, Nahum - what was it?" He whispered, and the 
cleft, bulging lips were just able to crackle out a final answer. 

"Nothin'... nothin'... the colour... it burns... cold an' wet, but it burns... it lived 
in the well... I seen it... a kind of smoke... jest like the flowers last spring... the 
well shone at night... Thad an' Merwin an' Zenas... everything alive... suckin' 
the life out of everything... in that stone... it must a' come in that stone pizened 
the whole place... dun't know what it wants... that round thing them men from 
the college dug outen the stone. . . they smashed it. . . it was the same colour. . . jest 
the same, like the flowers an' plants... must a' ben more of 'em... seeds... 
seeds... they growed... I seen it the fust time this week... must a' got strong on 
Zenas... he was a big boy, full o' life... it beats down your mind an' then gets 
ye... burns ye up... in the well water... you was right about that... evil water... 
Zenas never come back from the well... can't git away... draws ye... ye know 
summ'at's comin' but tain't no use... I seen it time an' agin senct Zenas was 
took... whar's Nabby, Ammi?... my head's no good... dun't know how long 
sense I fed her. . . it'll git her ef we ain't keerful. . . jest a colour. . . her face is gittin' 
to hev that colour sometimes towards night... an' it burns an' sucks... it come 
from some place whar things ain't as they is here... one o' them professors said 
so. . . he was right. . . look out, Ammi, it'll do suthin' more. . . sucks the life out. . ." 

But that was all. That which spoke could speak no more because it had 
completely caved in. Ammi laid a red checked tablecloth over what was left and 
reeled out the back door into the fields. He climbed the slope to the ten-acre 
pasture and stumbled home by the north road and the woods. He could not pass 
that well from which his horses had run away. He had looked at it through the 
window, and had seen that no stone was missing from the rim. Then the lurching 
buggy had not dislodged anything after all - the splash had been something else - 
something which went into the well after it had done with poor Nahum. 



418 



When Ammi reached his house the horses and buggy had arrived before him 
and thrown his wife into fits of anxiety. Reassuring her without explanations, he 
set out at once for Arkham and notified the authorities that the Gardner family 
was no more. He indulged in no details, but merely told of the deaths of Nahum 
and Nabby, that of Thaddeus being already known, and mentioned that the 
cause seemed to be the same strange ailment which had killed the live-stock. He 
also stated that Merwin and Zenas had disappeared. There was considerable 
questioning at the police station, and in the end Ammi was compelled to take 
three officers to the Gardner farm, together with the coroner, the medical 
examiner, and the veterinary who had treated the diseased animals. He went 
much against his will, for the afternoon was advancing and he feared the fall of 
night over that accursed place, but it was some comfort to have so many people 
with him. 

The six men drove out in a democrat-wagon, following Ammi's buggy, and 
arrived at the pest-ridden farmhouse about four o'clock. Used as the officers 
were to gruesome experiences, not one remained unmoved at what was found in 
the attic and under the red checked tablecloth on the floor below. The whole 
aspect of the farm with its grey desolation was terrible enough, but those two 
crumbling objects were beyond all bounds. No one could look long at them, and 
even the medical examiner admitted that there was very little to examine. 
Specimens could be analysed, of course, so he busied himself in obtaining them - 
and here it develops that a very puzzling aftermath occurred at the college 
laboratory where the two phials of dust were finally taken. Under the 
spectroscope both samples gave off an unknown spectrum, in which many of the 
baffling bands were precisely like those which the strange meteor had yielded in 
the previous year. The property of emitting this spectrum vanished in a month, 
the dust thereafter consisting mainly of alkaline phosphates and carbonates. 

Ammi would not have told the men about the well if he had thought they meant 
to do anything then and there. It was getting toward sunset, and he was anxious 
to be away. But he could not help glancing nervously at the stony curb by the 
great sweep, and when a detective questioned him he admitted that Nahum had 
feared something down there so much so that he had never even thought of 
searching it for Merwin or Zenas. After that nothing would do but that they 
empty and explore the well immediately, so Ammi had to wait trembling while 
pail after pail of rank water was hauled up and splashed on the soaking ground 
outside. The men sniffed in disgust at the fluid, and toward the last held their 
noses against the foetor they were uncovering. It was not so long a job as they 
had feared it would be, since the water was phenomenally low. There is no need 
to speak too exactly of what they found. Merwin and Zenas were both there, in 
part, though the vestiges were mainly skeletal. There were also a small deer and 
a large dog in about the same state, and a number of bones of small animals. The 



419 



ooze and slime at the bottom seemed inexplicably porous and bubbling, and a 
man who descended on hand-holds with a long pole found that he could sink the 
wooden shaft to any depth in the mud of the floor without meeting any solid 
obstruction. 

Twilight had now fallen, and lanterns were brought from the house. Then, when 
it was seen that nothing further could be gained from the well, everyone went 
indoors and conferred in the ancient sitting-room while the intermittent light of a 
spectral half-moon played wanly on the grey desolation outside. The men were 
frankly nonplussed by the entire case, and could find no convincing common 
element to link the strange vegetable conditions, the unknown disease of live- 
stock and humans, and the unaccountable deaths of Merwin and Zenas in the 
tainted well. They had heard the common country talk, it is true; but could not 
believe that anything contrary to natural law had occurred. No doubt the meteor 
had poisoned the soil, but the illness of persons and animals who had eaten 
nothing grown in that soil was another matter. Was it the well water? Very 
possibly. It might be a good idea to analyze it. But what peculiar madness could 
have made both boys jump into the well? Their deeds were so similar-and the 
fragments showed that they had both suffered from the grey brittle death. Why 
was everything so grey and brittle? 

It was the coroner, seated near a window overlooking the yard, who first noticed 
the glow about the well. Night had fully set in, and all the abhorrent grounds 
seemed faintly luminous with more than the fitful moonbeams; but this new 
glow was something definite and distinct, and appeared to shoot up from the 
black pit like a softened ray from a searchlight, giving dull reflections in the little 
ground pools where the water had been emptied. It had a very queer colour, and 
as all the men clustered round the window Ammi gave a violent start. For this 
strange beam of ghastly miasma was to him of no unfamiliar hue. He had seen 
that colour before, and feared to think what it might mean. He had seen it in the 
nasty brittle globule in that aerolite two summers ago, had seen it in the crazy 
vegetation of the springtime, and had thought he had seen it for an instant that 
very morning against the small barred window of that terrible attic room where 
nameless things had happened. It had flashed there a second, and a clammy and 
hateful current of vapour had brushed past him - and then poor Nahum had 
been taken by something of that colour. He had said so at the last - said it was 
like the globule and the plants. After that had come the runaway in the yard and 
the splash in the well-and now that well was belching forth to the night a pale 
insidious beam of the same demoniac tint. 

It does credit to the alertness of Ammi's mind that he puzzled even at that tense 
moment over a point which was essentially scientific. He could not but wonder 
at his gleaning of the same impression from a vapour glimpsed in the daytime. 



420 



against a window opening on the morning sky, and from a nocturnal exhalation 
seen as a phosphorescent mist against the black and blasted landscape. It wasn't 
right - it was against Nature - and he thought of those terrible last words of his 
stricken friend, "It come from some place whar things ain't as they is here... one 
o' them professors said so..." 

All three horses outside, tied to a pair of shrivelled saplings by the road, were 
now neighing and pawing frantically. The wagon driver started for the door to 
do something, but Ammi laid a shaky hand on his shoulder. "Dun't go out thar," 
he whispered. "They's more to this nor what we know. Nahum said somethin' 
lived in the well that sucks your life out. He said it must be some'at growed from 
a round ball like one we all seen in the meteor stone that fell a year ago June. 
Sucks an' burns, he said, an' is jest a cloud of colour like that light out thar now, 
that ye can hardly see an' can't tell what it is. Nahum thought it feeds on 
everything livin' an' gits stronger all the time. He said he seen it this last week. It 
must be somethin' from away off in the sky like the men from the college last 
year says the meteor stone was. The way it's made an' the way it works ain't like 
no way 0' God's world. It's some'at from beyond." 

So the men paused indecisively as the light from the well grew stronger and the 
hitched horses pawed and whinnied in increasing frenzy. It was truly an awful 
moment; with terror in that ancient and accursed house itself, four monstrous 
sets of fragments-two from the house and two from the well-in the woodshed 
behind, and that shaft of unknown and unholy iridescence from the slimy depths 
in front. Ammi had restrained the driver on impulse, forgetting how uninjured 
he himself was after the clammy brushing of that coloured vapour in the attic 
room, but perhaps it is just as well that he acted as he did. No one will ever know 
what was abroad that night; and though the blasphemy from beyond had not so 
far hurt any human of unweakened mind, there is no telling what it might not 
have done at that last moment, and with its seemingly increased strength and the 
special signs of purpose it was soon to display beneath the half-clouded moonlit 
sky. 

All at once one of the detectives at the window gave a short, sharp gasp. The 
others looked at him, and then quickly followed his own gaze upward to the 
point at which its idle straying had been suddenly arrested. There was no need 
for words. What had been disputed in country gossip was disputable no longer, 
and it is because of the thing which every man of that party agreed in whispering 
later on, that the strange days are never talked about in Arkham. It is necessary 
to premise that there was no wind at that hour of the evening. One did arise not 
long afterward, but there was absolutely none then. Even the dry tips of the 
lingering hedge-mustard, grey and blighted, and the fringe on the roof of the 
standing democrat-wagon were unstirred. And yet amid that tense godless calm 



421 



the high bare boughs of all the trees in the yard were moving. They were 
twitching morbidly and spasmodically, clawing in convulsive and epileptic 
madness at the moonlit clouds; scratching impotently in the noxious air as if 
jerked by some allied and bodiless line of linkage with subterrene horrors 
writhing and struggling below the black roots. 

Not a man breathed for several seconds. Then a cloud of darker depth passed 
over the moon, and the silhouette of clutching branches faded out momentarily. 
At this there was a general cry; muffled with awe, but husky and almost identical 
from every throat. For the terror had not faded with the silhouette, and in a 
fearsome instant of deeper darkness the watchers saw wriggling at that tree top 
height a thousand tiny points of faint and unhallowed radiance, tipping each 
bough like the fire of St. Elmo or the flames that come down on the apostles' 
heads at Pentecost. It was a monstrous constellation of unnatural light, like a 
glutted swarm of corpse-fed fireflies dancing hellish sarabands over an accursed 
marsh, and its colour was that same nameless intrusion which Ammi had come 
to recognize and dread. All the while the shaft of phosphorescence from the well 
was getting brighter and brighter, bringing to the minds of the huddled men, a 
sense of doom and abnormality which far outraced any image their conscious 
minds could form. It was no longer shining out; it was pouring out; and as the 
shapeless stream of unplaceable colour left the well it seemed to flow directly 
into the sky. 

The veterinary shivered, and walked to the front door to drop the heavy extra 
bar across it. Ammi shook no less, and had to tug and point for lack of 
controllable voice when he wished to draw notice to the growing luminosity of 
the trees. The neighing and stamping of the horses had become utterly frightful, 
but not a soul of that group in the old house would have ventured forth for any 
earthly reward. With the moments the shining of the trees increased, while their 
restless branches seemed to strain more and more toward verticality. The wood 
of the well-sweep was shining now, and presently a policeman dumbly pointed 
to some wooden sheds and bee-hives near the stone wall on the west. They were 
commencing to shine, too, though the tethered vehicles of the visitors seemed so 
far unaffected. Then there was a wild commotion and clopping in the road, and 
as Ammi quenched the lamp for better seeing they realized that the span of 
frantic greys had broken their sapling and run off with the democrat-wagon. 

The shock served to loosen several tongues, and embarrassed whispers were 
exchanged. "It spreads on everything organic that's been around here," muttered 
the medical examiner. No one replied, but the man who had been in the well 
gave a hint that his long pole must have stirred up something intangible. "It was 
awful," he added. "There was no bottom at all. Just ooze and bubbles and the 
feeling of something lurking under there." Ammi's horse still pawed and 



422 



screamed deafeningly in the road outside, and nearly drowned its owner's faint 
quaver as he mumbled his formless reflections. "It come from that stone - it 
growed down thar - it got everything livin' - it fed itself on 'em, mind and body - 
Thad an' Merwin, Zenas an' Nabby - Nahum was the last - they all drunk the 
water - it got strong on 'em - it come from beyond, whar things ain't like they be 
here - now it's goin' home -" 

At this point, as the column of unknown colour flared suddenly stronger and 
began to weave itself into fantastic suggestions of shape which each spectator 
described differently, there came from poor tethered Hero such a sound as no 
man before or since ever heard from a horse. Every person in that low-pitched 
sitting room stopped his ears, and Ammi turned away from the window in 
horror and nausea. Words could not convey it - when Ammi looked out again 
the hapless beast lay huddled inert on the moonlit ground between the 
splintered shafts of the buggy. That was the last of Hero till they buried him next 
day. But the present was no time to mourn, for almost at this instant a detective 
silently called attention to something terrible in the very room with them. In the 
absence of the lamplight it was clear that a faint phosphorescence had begun to 
pervade the entire apartment. It glowed on the broad-planked floor and the 
fragment of rag carpet, and shimmered over the sashes of the small-paned 
windows. It ran up and down the exposed corner-posts, coruscated about the 
shelf and mantel, and infected the very doors and furniture. Each minute saw it 
strengthen, and at last it was very plain that healthy living things must leave that 
house. 

Ammi showed them the back door and the path up through the fields to the ten- 
acre pasture. They walked and stumbled as in a dream, and did not dare look 
back till they were far away on the high ground. They were glad of the path, for 
they could not have gone the front way, by that well. It was bad enough passing 
the glowing barn and sheds, and those shining orchard trees with their gnarled, 
fiendish contours; but thank Heaven the branches did their worst twisting high 
up. The moon went under some very black clouds as they crossed the rustic 
bridge over Chapman's Brook, and it was blind groping from there to the open 
meadows. 

When they looked back toward the valley and the distant Gardner place at the 
bottom they saw a fearsome sight. At the farm was shining with the hideous 
unknown blend of colour; trees, buildings, and even such grass and herbage as 
had not been wholly changed to lethal grey brittleness. The boughs were all 
straining skyward, tipped with tongues of foul flame, and lambent tricklings of 
the same monstrous fire were creeping about the ridgepoles of the house, barn 
and sheds. It was a scene from a vision of Fuseli, and over all the rest reigned 
that riot of luminous amorphousness, that alien and undimensioned rainbow of 



423 



cryptic poison from the well - seething, feeling, lapping, reaching, scintillating, 
straining, and malignly bubbling in its cosmic and unrecognizable chromaticism. 

Then without warning the hideous thing shot vertically up toward the sky like a 
rocket or meteor, leaving behind no trail and disappearing through a round and 
curiously regular hole in the clouds before any man could gasp or cry out. No 
watcher can ever forget that sight, and Ammi stared blankly at the stars of 
Cygnus, Deneb twinkling above the others, where the unknown colour had 
melted into the Milky Way. But his gaze was the next moment called swiftly to 
earth by the crackling in the valley. It was just that. Only a wooden ripping and 
crackling, and not an explosion, as so many others of the party vowed. Yet the 
outcome was the same, for in one feverish kaleidoscopic instant there burst up 
from that doomed and accursed farm a gleamingly eruptive cataclysm of 
unnatural sparks and substance; blurring the glance of the few who saw it, and 
sending forth to the zenith a bombarding cloudburst of such coloured and 
fantastic fragments as our universe must needs disown. Through quickly 
reclosing vapours they followed the great morbidity that had vanished, and in 
another second they had vanished too. Behind and below was only a darkness to 
which the men dared not return, and all about was a mounting wind which 
seemed to sweep down in black, frore gusts from interstellar space. It shrieked 
and howled, and lashed the fields and distorted woods in a mad cosmic frenzy, 
till soon the trembling party realized it would be no use waiting for the moon to 
show what was left down there at Nahum's. 

Too awed even to hint theories, the seven shaking men trudged back toward 
Arkham by the north road. Ammi was worse than his fellows, and begged them 
to see him inside his own kitchen, instead of keeping straight on to town. He did 
not wish to cross the blighted, wind-whipped woods alone to his home on the 
main road. For he had had an added shock that the others were spared, and was 
crushed forever with a brooding fear he dared not even mention for many years 
to come. As the rest of the watchers on that tempestuous hill had stolidly set 
their faces toward the road, Ammi had looked back an instant at the shadowed 
valley of desolation so lately sheltering his ill-starred friend. And from that 
stricken, far-away spot he had seen something feebly rise, only to sink down 
again upon the place from which the great shapeless horror had shot into the 
sky. It was just a colour - but not any colour of our earth or heavens. And 
because Ammi recognized that colour, and knew that this last faint remnant 
must still lurk down there in the well, he has never been quite right since. 

Ammi would never go near the place again. It is forty-four years now since the 
horror happened, but he has never been there, and will be glad when the new 
reservoir blots it out. I shall be glad, too, for I do not like the way the sunlight 
changed colour around the mouth of that abandoned well I passed. I hope the 



424 



water will always be very deep - but even so, I shall never drink it. I do not think 
I shall visit the Arkham country hereafter. Three of the men who had been with 
Ammi returned the next morning to see the ruins by daylight, but there were not 
any real ruins. Only the bricks of the chimney, the stones of the cellar, some 
mineral and metallic litter here and there, and the rim of that nefandous well. 
Save for Ammi's dead horse, which they towed away and buried, and the buggy 
which they shortly returned to him, everything that had ever been living had 
gone. Five eldritch acres of dusty grey desert remained, nor has anything ever 
grown there since. To this day it sprawls open to the sky like a great spot eaten 
by acid in the woods and fields, and the few who have ever dared glimpse it in 
spite of the rural tales have named it "the blasted heath." 

The rural tales are queer. They might be even queerer if city men and college 
chemists could be interested enough to analyze the water from that disused well, 
or the grey dust that no wind seems to disperse. Botanists, too, ought to study 
the stunted flora on the borders of that spot, for they might shed light on the 
country notion that the blight is spreading - little by little, perhaps an inch a year. 
People say the colour of the neighboring herbage is not quite right in the spring, 
and that wild things leave queer prints in the light winter snow. Snow never 
seems quite so heavy on the blasted heath as it is elsewhere. Horses - the few that 
are left in this motor age - grow skittish in the silent valley; and hunters cannot 
depend on their dogs too near the splotch of greyish dust. 

They say the mental influences are very bad, too; numbers went queer in the 
years after Nahum's taking, and always they lacked the power to get away. Then 
the stronger-minded folk all left the region, and only the foreigners tried to live 
in the crumbling old homesteads. They could not stay, though; and one 
sometimes wonders what insight beyond ours their wild, weird stories of 
whispered magic have given them. Their dreams at night, they protest, are very 
horrible in that grotesque country; and surely the very look of the dark realm is 
enough to stir a morbid fancy. No traveler has ever escaped a sense of 
strangeness in those deep ravines, and artists shiver as they paint thick woods 
whose mystery is as much of the spirits as of the eye. I myself am curious about 
the sensation I derived from my one lone walk before Ammi told me his tale. 
When twilight came I had vaguely wished some clouds would gather, for an odd 
timidity about the deep skyey voids above had crept into my soul. 

Do not ask me for my opinion. I do not know - that is all. There was no one but 
Ammi to question; for Arkham people will not talk about the strange days, and 
all three professors who saw the aerolite and its coloured globule are dead. There 
were other globules - depend upon that. One must have fed itself and escaped, 
and probably there was another which was too late. No doubt it is still down the 
well - I know there was something wrong with the sunlight I saw above the 



425 



miasmal brink. The rustics say the bhght creeps an inch a year, so perhaps there 
is a kind of growth or nourishment even now. But whatever demon hatchhng is 
there, it must be tethered to something or else it would quickly spread. Is it 
fastened to the roots of those trees that claw the air? One of the current Arkham 
tales is about fat oaks that shine and move as they ought not to do at night. 

What it is, only God knows. In terms of matter I suppose the thing Ammi 
described would be called a gas, but this gas obeyed the laws that are not of our 
cosmos. This was no fruit of such worlds and suns as shine on the telescopes and 
photographic plates of our observatories. This was no breath from the skies 
whose motions and dimensions our astronomers measure or deem too vast to 
measure. It was just a colour out of space - a frightful messenger from unformed 
realms of infinity beyond all Nature as we know it; from realms whose mere 
existence stuns the brain and numbs us with the black extra-cosmic gulfs it 
throws open before our frenzied eyes. 

I doubt very much if Ammi consciously lied to me, and I do not think his tale 
was all a freak of madness as the townsfolk had forewarned. Something terrible 
came to the hills and valleys on that meteor, and something terrible - though I 
know not in what proportion - still remains. I shall be glad to see the water come. 
Meanwhile I hope nothing will happen to Ammi. He saw so much of the thing - 
and its influence was so insidious. Why has he never been able to move away? 
How clearly he recalled those dying words of Nahum's - "Can't git away - draws 
ye - ye know summ'at's comin' but tain't no use - ". Ammi is such a good old 
man - when the reservoir gang gets to work I must write the chief engineer to 
keep a sharp watch on him. I would hate to think of him as the grey, twisted, 
brittle monstrosity which persists more and more in troubling my sleep. 



426 



The Descendant 

Written in 1926 

Published in 1938 in Leaves 

Writing on what my doctor tells me is my deathbed, my most hideous fear is that 
the man is wrong. I suppose I shall seem to be buried next week, but. . . 

In London there is a man who screams when the church bells ring. He lives all 
alone with his streaked cat in Gray's Inn, and people call him harmlessly mad. 
His room is filled with books of the tamest and most puerile kind, and hour after 
hour he tries to lose himself in their feeble pages. All he seeks from life is not to 
think. For some reason thought is very horrible to him, and anything which stirs 
the imagination he flees as a plague. He is very thin and grey and wrinkled, but 
there are those who declare he is not nearly so old as he looks. Fear has its grisly 
claws upon him, and a sound will make him start with staring eyes and sweat- 
beaded forehead. Friends and companions he shuns, for he wishes to answer no 
questions. Those who once knew him as scholar and aesthete say it is very pitiful 
to see him now. He dropped them all years ago, and no one feels sure whether 
he left the country or merely sank from sight in some hidden byway. It is a 
decade now since he moved into Gray's Inn, and of where he had been he would 
say nothing till the night young Williams bought the Necronomicon. 

Williams was a dreamer, and only twenty-three, and when he moved into the 
ancient house he felt a strangeness and a breath of cosmic wind about the grey 
wizened man in the next room. He forced his friendship where old friends dared 
not force theirs, and marvelled at the fright that sat upon this gaunt, haggard 
watcher and listener. For that the man always watched and listened no one could 
doubt. He watched and listened with his mind more than with his eyes and ears, 
and strove every moment to drown something in his ceaseless poring over gay, 
insipid novels. And when the church bells rang he would stop his ears and 
scream, and the grey cat that dwelt with him would howl in unison till the last 
peal died reverberantly away. 

But try as Williams would, he could not make his neighbour speak of anything 
profound or hidden. The old man would not live up to his aspect and manner, 
but would feign a smile and a light tone and prattle feverishly and frantically of 
cheerful trifles; his voice every moment rising and thickening till at last it would 
split in a piping and incoherent falsetto. That his learning was deep and 
thorough, his most trivial remarks made abundantly clear; and Williams was not 
surprised to hear that he had been to Harrow and Oxford. Later it developed that 



427 



he was none other than Lord Northam, of whose ancient hereditary castle on the 
Yorkshire coast so many odd things were told; but when Williams tried to talk of 
the castle, and of its reputed Roman origin, he refused to admit that there was 
anything unusual about it. He even tittered shrilly when the subject of the 
supposed under crypts, hewn out of the solid crag that frowns on the North Sea, 
was brought up. 

So matters went till that night when Williams brought home the infamous 
Necronomicon of the mad Arab Abdul Alhazred. He had known of the dreaded 
volume since his sixteenth year, when his dawning love of the bizarre had led 
him to ask queer questions of a bent old bookseller in Chandos Street; and he had 
always wondered why men paled when they spoke of it. The old bookseller had 
told him that only five copies were known to have survived the shocked edicts of 
the priests and lawgivers against it and that all of these were locked up with 
frightened care by custodians who had ventured to begin a reading of the hateful 
black-letter. But now, at last, he had not only found an accessible copy but had 
made it his own at a ludicrously low figure. It was at a Jew's shop in the squalid 
precincts of Clare Market, where he had often bought strange things before, and 
he almost fancied the gnarled old Levite smiled amidst tangles of beard as the 
great discovery was made. The bulky leather cover with the brass clasp had been 
so prominently visible, and the price was so absurdly slight. 

The one glimpse he had had of the title was enough to send him into transports, 
and some of the diagrams set in the vague Latin text excited the tensest and most 
disquieting recollections in his brain. He felt it was highly necessary to get the 
ponderous thing home and begin deciphering it, and bore it out of the shop with 
such precipitate haste that the old Jew chuckled disturbingly behind him. But 
when at last it was safe in his room he found the combination of black-letter and 
debased idiom too much for his powers as a linguist, and reluctantly called on 
his strange, frightened friend for help with the twisted, mediaeval Latin. Lord 
Northam was simpering inanities to his streaked cat, and started violently when 
the young man entered. Then he saw the volume and shuddered wildly, and 
fainted altogether when Williams uttered the title. It was when he regained his 
senses that he told his story; told his fantastic figment of madness in frantic 
whispers, lest his friend be not quick to burn the accursed book and give wide 
scattering to its ashes. 



* * * * 



There must. Lord Northam whispered, have been something wrong at the start; 
but it would never have come to a head if he had not explored too far. He was 
the nineteenth Baron of a line whose beginings went uncomfortably far back into 
the past- unbelievably far, if vague tradition could be heeded, for there were 



428 



family tales of a descent from pre-Saxon times, when a certain Lunaeus Gabinius 
Capito, military tribune in the Third Augustan Legion then stationed at Lindum 
in Roman Britain, had been summarily expelled from his command for 
participation in certain rites unconnected with any known religion. Gabinius 
had, the rumour ran, come upon a cliffside cavern where strange folk met 
together and made the Elder Sign in the dark; strange folk whom the Britons 
knew not save in fear, and who were the last to survive from a great land in the 
west that had sunk, leaving only the islands with the roths and circles and 
shrines of which Stonehenge was the greatest. There was no certainty, of course, 
in the legend that Gabinius had built an impregnable fortress over the forbidden 
cave and founded a line which Pict and Saxon, Dane and Norman were 
powerless to obliterate; or in the tacit assumption that from this line sprang the 
bold companion and lieutenant of the Black Prince whom Edward Third created 
Baron of Northam. These things were not certain, yet they were often told; and in 
truth the stonework of Northam Keep did look alarmingly like the masonry of 
Hadrian's Wall. As a child Lord Northam had had peculiar dreams when 
sleeping in the older parts of the castle, and had acquired a constant habit of 
looking back through his memory for half-amorphous scenes and patterns and 
impressions which formed no part of his waking experience. He became a 
dreamer who found life tame and unsatisfying; a searcher for strange realms and 
relationships once familiar, yet lying nowhere in the visible regions of earth. 

Filled with a feeling that our tangible world is only an atom in a fabric vast and 
ominous, and that unknown demesnes press on and permeate the sphere of the 
known at every point, Northam in youth and young manhood drained in turn 
the founts of formal religion and occult mystery. Nowhere, however, could he 
find ease and content; and as he grew older the staleness and limitations of life 
became more and more maddening to him. During the 'nineties he dabbled in 
Satanism, and at all times he devoured avidly any doctrine or theory which 
seemed to promise escape from the close vistas of science and the dully 
unvarying laws of Nature. Books like Ignatius Donnelly's commerical account of 
Atlantis he absorbed with zest, and a dozen obscure precursors of Charles Fort 
enthralled him with their vagaries. He would travel leagues to follow up a 
furtive village tale of abnormal wonder, and once went into the desert of Araby 
to seek a Nameless City of faint report, which no man has ever beheld. There 
rose within him the tantalising faith that somewhere an easy gate existed, which 
if one found would admit him freely to those outer deeps whose echoes rattled 
so dimly at the back of his memory. It might be in the visible world, yet it might 
be only in his mind and soul. Perhaps he held within his own half-explored brain 
that cryptic link which would awaken him to elder and future lives in forgotten 
dimensions; which would bind him to the stars, and to the infinities and 
eternities beyond them. 



429 



The Doom That Came to Sarnath 

Written on December 3, 1919 

Published June 1920 in The Scot 

There is in the land of Mnar a vast still lake that is fed by no stream, and out of 
which no stream flows. Ten thousand years ago there stood by its shore the 
mighty city of Sarnath, but Sarnath stands there no more. 

It is told that in the immemorial years when the world was young, before ever 
the men of Sarnath came to the land of Mnar, another city stood beside the lake; 
the gray stone city of lb, which was old as the lake itself, and peopled with 
beings not pleasing to behold. Very odd and ugly were these beings, as indeed 
are most beings of a world yet inchoate and rudely fashioned. It is written on the 
brick cylinders of Kadatheron that the beings of lb were in hue as green as the 
lake and the mists that rise above it; that they had bulging eyes, pouting, flabby 
lips, and curious ears, and were without voice. It is also written that they 
descended one night from the moon in a mist; they and the vast still lake and 
gray stone city lb. However this may be, it is certain that they worshipped a sea- 
green stone idol chiseled in the likeness of Bokrug, the great water-lizard; before 
which they danced horribly when the moon was gibbous. And it is written in the 
papyrus of Ilarnek, that they one day discovered fire, and thereafter kindled 
flames on many ceremonial occasions. But not much is written of these beings, 
because they lived in very ancient times, and man is young, and knows but little 
of the very ancient living things. 

After many eons men came to the land of Mnar, dark shepherd folk with their 
fleecy flocks, who built Thraa, Ilarnek, and Kadatheron on the winding river Ai. 
And certain tribes, more hardy than the rest, pushed on to the border of the lake 
and built Sarnath at a spot where precious metals were found in the earth. 

Not far from the gray city of lb did the wandering tribes lay the first stones of 
Sarnath, and at the beings of lb they marveled greatly. But with their marveling 
was mixed hate, for they thought it not meet that beings of such aspect should 
walk about the world of men at dusk. Nor did they like the strange sculptures 
upon the gray monoliths of lb, for why those sculptures lingered so late in the 
world, even until the coming men, none can tell; unless it was because the land 
of Mnar is very still, and remote from most other lands, both of waking and of 
dream. 



430 



As the men of Sarnath beheld more of the beings of lb their hate grew, and it was 
not less because they found the beings weak, and soft as jelly to the touch of 
stones and arrows. So one day the young warriors, the slingers and the spearmen 
and the bowmen, marched against lb and slew all the inhabitants thereof, 
pushing the queer bodies into the lake with long spears, because they did not 
wish to touch them. And because they did not like the gray sculptured monoliths 
of lb they cast these also into the lake; wondering from the greatness of the labor 
how ever the stones were brought from afar, as they must have been, since there 
is naught like them in the land of Mnar or in the lands adjacent. 

Thus of the very ancient city of lb was nothing spared, save the sea-green stone 
idol chiseled in the likeness of Bokrug, the water-lizard. This the young warriors 
took back with them as a symbol of conquest over the old gods and beings of Th, 
and as a sign of leadership in Mnar. But on the night after it was set up in the 
temple, a terrible thing must have happened, for weird lights were seen over the 
lake, and in the morning the people found the idol gone and the high-priest 
Taran-Ish lying dead, as from some fear unspeakable. And before he died, Taran- 
Ish had scrawled upon the altar of chrysolite with coarse shaky strokes the sign 
of DOOM. 

After Taran-Ish there were many high-priests in Sarnath but never was the sea- 
green stone idol found. And many centuries came and went, wherein Sarnath 
prospered exceedingly, so that only priests and old women remembered what 
Taran-Ish had scrawled upon the altar of chrysolite. Betwixt Sarnath and the city 
of Ilarnek arose a caravan route, and the precious metals from the earth were 
exchanged for other metals and rare cloths and jewels and books and tools for 
artificers and all things of luxury that are known to the people who dwell along 
the winding river Ai and beyond. So Sarnath waxed mighty and learned and 
beautiful, and sent forth conquering armies to subdue the neighboring cities; and 
in time there sate upon a throne in Sarnath the kings of all the land of Mnar and 
of many lands adjacent. 

The wonder of the world and the pride of all mankind was Sarnath the 
magnificent. Of polished desert-quarried marble were its walls, in height three 
hundred cubits and in breadth seventy-five, so that chariots might pass each 
other as men drove them along the top. For full five hundred stadia did they run, 
being open only on the side toward the lake where a green stone sea-wall kept 
back the waves that rose oddly once a year at the festival of the destroying of lb. 
In Sarnath were fifty streets from the lake to the gates of the caravans, and fifty 
more intersecting them. With onyx were they paved, save those whereon the 
horses and camels and elephants trod, which were paved with granite. And the 
gates of Sarnath were as many as the landward ends of the streets, each of 
bronze, and flanked by the figures of lions and elephants carven from some stone 



431 



no longer known among men. The houses of Sarnath were of glazed brick and 
chalcedony, each having its walled garden and crystal lakelet. With strange art 
were they builded, for no other city had houses like them; and travelers from 
Thraa and Ilarnek and Kadatheron marveled at the shining domes wherewith 
they were surmounted. 

But more marvelous still were the palaces and the temples, and the gardens 
made by Zokkar the olden king. There were many palaces, the last of which were 
mightier than any in Thraa or Ilarnek or Kadatheron. So high were they that one 
within might sometimes fancy himself beneath only the sky; yet when lighted 
with torches dipt in the oil of Dother their walls showed vast paintings of kings 
and armies, of a splendor at once inspiring and stupefying to the beholder. Many 
were the pillars of the palaces, all of tinted marble, and carven into designs of 
surpassing beauty. And in most of the palaces the floors were mosaics of beryl 
and lapis lazuli and sardonyx and carbuncle and other choice materials, so 
disposed that the beholder might fancy himself walking over beds of the rarest 
flowers. And there were likewise fountains, which cast scented waters about in 
pleasing jets arranged with cunning art. Outshining all others was the palace of 
the kings of Mnar and of the lands adjacent. On a pair of golden crouching lions 
rested the throne, many steps above the gleaming floor. And it was wrought of 
one piece of ivory, though no man lives who knows whence so vast a piece could 
have come. In that palace there were also many galleries, and many 
amphitheaters where lions and men and elephants battled at the pleasure of the 
kings. Sometimes the amphitheaters were flooded with water conveyed from the 
lake in mighty aqueducts, and then were enacted stirring sea-fights, or combats 
betwixt swimmers and deadly marine things. 

Lofty and amazing were the seventeen tower-like temples of Sarnath, fashioned 
of a bright multi-colored stone not known elsewhere. A full thousand cubits high 
stood the greatest among them, wherein the high-priests dwelt with a 
magnificence scarce less than that of the kings. On the ground were halls as vast 
and splendid as those of the palaces; where gathered throngs in worship of Zo- 
Kalar and Tamash and Lobon, the chief gods of Sarnath, whose incense- 
enveloped shrines were as the thrones of monarchs. Not like the eikons of other 
gods were those of Zo-Kalar and Tamash and Lobon. For so close to life were 
they that one might swear the graceful bearded gods themselves sate on the 
ivory thrones. And up unending steps of zircon was the tower-chamber, 
wherefrom the high-priests looked out over the city and the plains and the lake 
by day; and at the cryptic moon and significant stars and planets, and their 
reflections in the lake, at night. Here was done the very secret and ancient rite in 
detestation of Bokrug, the water-lizard, and here rested the altar of chrysolite 
which bore the Doom-scrawl of Taran-Ish. 



432 



Wonderful likewise were the gardens made by Zokkar the olden king. In the 
center of Sarnath they lay, covering a great space and encircled by a high wall. 
And they were surmounted by a mighty dome of glass, through which shone the 
sun and moon and planets when it was clear, and from which were hung fulgent 
images of the sun and moon and stars and planets when it was not clear. In 
summer the gardens were cooled with fresh odorous breezes skilfully wafted by 
fans, and in winter they were heated with concealed fires, so that in those 
gardens it was always spring. There ran little streams over bright pebbles, 
dividing meads of green and gardens of many hues, and spanned by a multitude 
of bridges. Many were the waterfalls in their courses, and many were the hued 
lakelets into which they expanded. Over the streams and lakelets rode white 
swans, whilst the music of rare birds chimed in with the melody of the waters. In 
ordered terraces rose the green banks, adorned here and there with bowers of 
vines and sweet blossoms, and seats and benches of marble and porphyry. And 
there were many small shrines and temples where one might rest or pray to 
small gods. 

Each year there was celebrated in Sarnath the feast of the destroying of lb, at 
which time wine, song, dancing, and merriment of every kind abounded. Great 
honors were then paid to the shades of those who had annihilated the odd 
ancient beings, and the memory of those beings and of their elder gods was 
derided by dancers and lutanists crowned with roses from the gardens of 
Zokkar. And the kings would look out over the lake and curse the bones of the 
dead that lay beneath it. 

At first the high-priests liked not these festivals, for there had descended 
amongst them queer tales of how the sea-green eikon had vanished, and how 
Taran-Ish had died from fear and left a warning. And they said that from their 
high tower they sometimes saw lights beneath the waters of the lake. But as 
many years passed without calamity even the priests laughed and cursed and 
joined in the orgies of the feasters. Indeed, had they not themselves, in their high 
tower, often performed the very ancient and secret rite in detestation of Bokrug, 
the water-lizard? And a thousand years of riches and delight passed over 
Sarnath, wonder of the world. 

Gorgeous beyond thought was the feast of the thousandth year of the destroying 
of lb. For a decade had it been talked of in the land of Mnar, and as it drew nigh 
there came to Sarnath on horses and camels and elephants men from Thraa, 
Ilarnek, and Kadetheron, and all the cities of Mnar and the lands beyond. Before 
the marble walls on the appointed night were pitched the pavilions of princes 
and the tents of travelers. Within his banquet-hall reclined Nargis-Hei, the king, 
drunken with ancient wine from the vaults of conquered Pnoth, and surrounded 
by feasting nobles and hurrying slaves. There were eaten many strange delicacies 



433 



at that feast; peacocks from the distant hills of Linplan, heels of camels from the 
Bnazic desert, nuts and spices from Sydathrian groves, and pearls from wave- 
washed Mtal dissolved in the vinegar of Thraa. Of sauces there were an untold 
number, prepared by the subtlest cooks in all Mnar, and suited to the palate of 
every feaster. But most prized of all the viands were the great fishes from the 
lake, each of vast size, and served upon golden platters set with rubies and 
diamonds. 

Whilst the king and his nobles feasted within the palace, and viewed the 
crowning dish as it awaited them on golden platters, others feasted elsewhere. In 
the tower of the great temple the priests held revels, and in pavilions without the 
walls the princes of neighboring lands made merry. And it was the high-priest 
Gnai-Kah who first saw the shadows that descended from the gibbous moon into 
the lake, and the damnable green mists that arose from the lake to meet the moon 
and to shroud in a sinister haze the towers and the domes of fated Sarnath. 
Thereafter those in the towers and without the walls beheld strange lights on the 
water, and saw that the gray rock Akurion, which was wont to rear high above it 
near the shore, was almost submerged. And fear grew vaguely yet swiftly, so 
that the princes of Ilarnek and of far Rokol took down and folded their tents and 
pavilions and departed, though they scarce knew the reason for their departing. 

Then, close to the hour of midnight, all the bronze gates of Sarnath burst open 
and emptied forth a frenzied throng that blackened the plain, so that all the 
visiting princes and travelers fled away in fright. For on the faces of this throng 
was writ a madness born of horror unendurable, and on their tongues were 
words so terrible that no hearer paused for proof. Men whose eyes were wild 
with fear shrieked aloud of the sight within the king's banquet-hall, where 
through the windows were seen no longer the forms of Nargis-Hei and his 
nobles and slaves, but a horde of indescribable green voiceless things with 
bulging eyes, pouting, flabby lips, and curious ears; things which danced 
horribly, bearing in their paws golden platters set with rubies and diamonds and 
containing uncouth flames. And the princes and travelers, as they fled from the 
doomed city of Sarnath on horses and camels and elephants, looked again upon 
the mist-begetting lake and saw the gray rock Akurion was quite submerged. 
Through all the land of Mnar and the land adjacent spread the tales of those who 
had fled from Sarnath, and caravans sought that accursed city and its precious 
metals no more. It was long ere any travelers went thither, and even then only 
the brave and adventurous young men of yellow hair and blue eyes, who are no 
kin to the men of Mnar. These men indeed went to the lake to view Sarnath; but 
though they found the vast still lake itself, and the gray rock Akurion which 
rears high above it near the shore, they beheld not the wonder of the world and 
pride of all mankind. Where once had risen walls of three hundred cubits and 
towers yet higher, now stretched only the marshy shore, and where once had 



434 



dwelt fifty million of men now crawled the detestable water-lizard. Not even the 
mines of precious metal remained. DOOM had come to Sarnath. 

But half buried in the rushes was spied a curious green idol; an exceedingly 
ancient idol chiseled in the likeness of Bokrug, the great water-lizard. That idol, 
enshrined in the high temple at Ilarnek, was subsequently worshipped beneath 
the gibbous moon throughout the land of Mnar. 



435 



The Dream Quest of Unknown Kadath 

Written in January of 1927 

Published in Beyond the Wall of Sleep 

Three times Randolph Carter dreamed of the marvelous city, and three times 
was he snatched away while still he paused on the high terrace above it. All 
golden and lovely it blazed in the sunset, with walls, temples, colonnades and 
arched bridges of veined marble, silver-basined fountains of prismatic spray in 
broad squares and perfumed gardens, and wide streets marching between 
delicate trees and blossom-laden urns and ivory statues in gleaming rows; while 
on steep northward slopes climbed tiers of red roofs and old peaked gables 
harbouring little lanes of grassy cobbles. It was a fever of the gods, a fanfare of 
supernal trumpets and a clash of immortal cymbals. Mystery hung about it as 
clouds about a fabulous unvisited mountain; and as Carter stood breathless and 
expectant on that balustraded parapet there swept up to him the poignancy and 
suspense of almost-vanished memory, the pain of lost things and the maddening 
need to place again what once had been an awesome and momentous place. 

He knew that for him its meaning must once have been supreme; though in what 
cycle or incarnation he had known it, or whether in dream or in waking, he could 
not tell. Vaguely it called up glimpses of a far forgotten first youth, when wonder 
and pleasure lay in all the mystery of days, and dawn and dusk alike strode forth 
prophetic to the eager sound of lutes and song, unclosing fiery gates toward 
further and surprising marvels. But each night as he stood on that high marble 
terrace with the curious urns and carven rail and looked off over that hushed 
sunset city of beauty and unearthly immanence he felt the bondage of dream's 
tyrannous gods; for in no wise could he leave that lofty spot, or descend the wide 
marmoreal fights flung endlessly down to where those streets of elder witchery 
lay outspread and beckoning. 

When for the third time he awakened with those flights still undescended and 
those hushed sunset streets still untraversed, he prayed long and earnestly to the 
hidden gods of dream that brood capricious above the clouds on unknown 
Kadath, in the cold waste where no man treads. But the gods made no answer 
and shewed no relenting, nor did they give any favouring sign when he prayed 
to them in dream, and invoked them sacrificially through the bearded priests of 
Nasht and Kaman-Thah, whose cavern-temple with its pillar of flame lies not far 
from the gates of the waking world. It seemed, however, that his prayers must 
have been adversely heard, for after even the first of them he ceased wholly to 



436 



behold the marvellous city; as if his three glimpses from afar had been mere 
accidents or oversights, and against some hidden plan or wish of the gods. 

At length, sick with longing for those glittering sunset streets and cryptical hill 
lanes among ancient tiled roofs, nor able sleeping or waking to drive them from 
his mind. Carter resolved to go with bold entreaty whither no man had gone 
before, and dare the icy deserts through the dark to where unknown Kadath, 
veiled in cloud and crowned with unimagined stars, holds secret and nocturnal 
the onyx castle of the Great Ones. 

In light slumber he descended the seventy steps to the cavern of flame and talked 
of this design to the bearded priests Nasht and Kaman-Thah. And the priests 
shook their pshent-bearing heads and vowed it would be the death of his soul. 
They pointed out that the Great Ones had shown already their wish, and that it is 
not agreeable to them to be harassed by insistent pleas. They reminded him, too, 
that not only had no man ever been to Kadath, but no man had ever suspected in 
what part of space it may lie; whether it be in the dreamlands around our own 
world, or in those surrounding some unguessed companion of Fomalhaut or 
Aldebaran. If in our dreamland, it might conceivably be reached, but only three 
human souls since time began had ever crossed and recrossed the black impious 
gulfs to other dreamlands, and of that three, two had come back quite mad. 
There were, in such voyages, incalculable local dangers; as well as that shocking 
final peril which gibbers unmentionably outside the ordered universe, where no 
dreams reach; that last amorphous blight of nethermost confusion which 
blasphemes and bubbles at the centre of all infinity - the boundless daemon 
sultan Azathoth, whose name no lips dare speak aloud, and who gnaws hungrily 
in inconceivable, unlighted chambers beyond time amidst the muffled, 
maddening beating of vile drums and the thin, monotonous whine of accursed 
flutes; to which detestable pounding and piping dance slowly, awkwardly, and 
absurdly the gigantic Ultimate gods, the blind, voiceless, tenebrous, mindless 
Other gods whose soul and messenger is the crawling chaos Nyarlathotep. 

Of these things was Carter warned by the priests Nasht and Kaman-Thah in the 
cavern of flame, but still he resolved to find the gods on unknown Kadath in the 
cold waste, wherever that might be, and to win from them the sight and 
remembrance and shelter of the marvellous sunset city. He knew that his journey 
would be strange and long, and that the Great Ones would be against it; but 
being old in the land of dream he counted on many useful memories and devices 
to aid him. So asking a formal blessing of the priests and thinking shrewdly on 
his course, he boldly descended the seven hundred steps to the Gate of Deeper 
Slumber and set out through the Enchanted Wood. 



437 



In the tunnels of that twisted wood, whose low prodigious oaks twine groping 
boughs and shine dim with the phosphorescence of strange fungi, dwell the 
furtive and secretive Zoogs; who know many obscure secrets of the dream world 
and a few of the waking world, since the wood at two places touches the lands of 
men, though it would be disastrous to say where. Certain unexplained rumours, 
events, and vanishments occur among men where the Zoogs have access, and it 
is well that they cannot travel far outside the world of dreams. But over the 
nearer parts of the dream world they pass freely, flitting small and brown and 
unseen and bearing back piquant tales to beguile the hours around their hearths 
in the forest they love. Most of them live in burrows, but some inhabit the trunks 
of the great trees; and although they live mostly on fungi it is muttered that they 
have also a slight taste for meat, either physical or spiritual, for certainly many 
dreamers have entered that wood who have not come out. Carter, however, had 
no fear; for he was an old dreamer and had learnt their fluttering language and 
made many a treaty with them; having found through their help the splendid 
city of Celephais in Ooth-Nargai beyond the Tanarian Hills, where reigns half 
the year the great King Kuranes, a man he had known by another name in life. 
Kuranes was the one soul who had been to the star-gulls and returned free from 
madness. 

Threading now the low phosphorescent aisles between those gigantic trunks. 
Carter made fluttering sounds in the manner of the Zoogs, and listened now and 
then for responses. He remembered one particular village of the creatures was in 
the centre of the wood, where a circle of great mossy stones in what was once a 
cleaning tells of older and more terrible dwellers long forgotten, and toward this 
spot he hastened. He traced his way by the grotesque fungi, which always seem 
better nourished as one approaches the dread circle where elder beings danced 
and sacrificed. Finally the great light of those thicker fungi revealed a sinister 
green and grey vastness pushing up through the roof of the forest and out of 
sight. This was the nearest of the great ring of stones, and Carter knew he was 
close to the Zoog village. Renewing his fluttering sound, he waited patiently; and 
was at last rewarded by an impression of many eyes watching him. It was the 
Zoogs, for one sees their weird eyes long before one can discern their small, 
slippery brown outlines. 

Out they swarmed, from hidden burrow and honeycombed tree, till the whole 
dim-litten region was alive with them. Some of the wilder ones brushed Carter 
unpleasantly, and one even nipped loathsomely at his ear; but these lawless 
spirits were soon restrained by their elders. The Council of Sages, recognizing the 
visitor, offered a gourd of fermented sap from a haunted tree unlike the others, 
which had grown from a seed dropt down by someone on the moon; and as 
Carter drank it ceremoniously a very strange colloquy began. The Zoogs did not, 
unfortunately, know where the peak of Kadath lies, nor could they even say 



438 



whether the cold waste is in our dream world or in another. Rumours of the 
Great Ones came equally from all points; and one might only say that they were 
likelier to be seen on high mountain peaks than in valleys, since on such peaks 
they dance reminiscently when the moon is above and the clouds beneath. 

Then one very ancient Zoog recalled a thing unheard-of by the others; and said 
that in Ulthar, beyond the River Skai, there still lingered the last copy of those 
inconceivably old Pnakotic Manuscripts made by waking men in forgotten 
boreal kingdoms and borne into the land of dreams when the hairy cannibal 
Gnophkehs overcame many-templed Olathoe and slew all the heroes of the land 
of Lomar. Those manuscripts he said, told much of the gods, and besides, in 
Ulthar there were men who had seen the signs of the gods, and even one old 
priest who had scaled a great mountain to behold them dancing by moonlight. 
He had failed, though his companion had succeeded and perished namelessly. 

So Randolph Carter thanked the Zoogs, who fluttered amicably and gave him 
another gourd of moon-tree wine to take with him, and set out through the 
phosphorescent wood for the other side, where the rushing Skai flows down 
from the slopes of Lerion, and Hatheg and Nir and Ulthar dot the plain. Behind 
him, furtive and unseen, crept several of the curious Zoogs; for they wished to 
learn what might befall him, and bear back the legend to their people. The vast 
oaks grew thicker as he pushed on beyond the village, and he looked sharply for 
a certain spot where they would thin somewhat, standing quite dead or dying 
among the unnaturally dense fungi and the rotting mould and mushy logs of 
their fallen brothers. There he would turn sharply aside, for at that spot a mighty 
slab of stone rests on the forest floor; and those who have dared approach it say 
that it bears an iron ring three feet wide. Remembering the archaic circle of great 
mossy rocks, and what it was possibly set up for, the Zoogs do not pause near 
that expansive slab with its huge ring; for they realise that all which is forgotten 
need not necessarily be dead, and they would not like to see the slab rise slowly 
and deliberately. 

Carter detoured at the proper place, and heard behind him the frightened 
fluttering of some of the more timid Zoogs. He had known they would follow 
him, so he was not disturbed; for one grows accustomed to the anomalies of 
these prying creatures. It was twilight when he came to the edge of the wood, 
and the strengthening glow told him it was the twilight of morning. Over fertile 
plains rolling down to the Skai he saw the smoke of cottage chimneys, and on 
every hand were the hedges and ploughed fields and thatched roofs of a peaceful 
land. Once he stopped at a farmhouse well for a cup of water, and all the dogs 
barked affrightedly at the inconspicuous Zoogs that crept through the grass 
behind. At another house, where people were stirring, he asked questions about 



439 



the gods, and whether they danced often upon Lerion; but the farmer and his 
wile would only make the Elder Sign and tell him the way to Nir and Ulthar. 

At noon he walked through the one broad high street of Nir, which he had once 
visited and which marked his farthest former travels in this direction; and soon 
afterward he came to the great stone bridge across the Skai, into whose central 
piece the masons had sealed a living human sacrifice when they built it thirteen- 
hundred years before. Once on the other side, the frequent presence of cats (who 
all arched their backs at the trailing Zoogs) revealed the near neighborhood of 
Ulthar; for in Ulthar, according to an ancient and significant law, no man may 
kill a cat. Very pleasant were the suburbs of Ulthar, with their little green 
cottages and neatly fenced farms; and still pleasanter was the quaint town itself, 
with its old peaked roofs and overhanging upper stories and numberless 
chimney-pots and narrow hill streets where one can see old cobbles whenever 
the graceful cats afford space enough. Carter, the cats being somewhat dispersed 
by the half-seen Zoogs, picked his way directly to the modest Temple of the 
Elder Ones where the priests and old records were said to be; and once within 
that venerable circular tower of ivied stone - which crowns Ulthar's highest hill - 
he sought out the patriarch Atal, who had been up the forbidden peak Hatheg- 
Kia in the stony desert and had come down again alive. 

Atal, seated on an ivory dais in a festooned shrine at the top of the temple, was 
fully three centuries old; but still very keen of mind and memory. From him 
Carter learned many things about the gods, but mainly that they are indeed only 
Earth's gods, ruling feebly our own dreamland and having no power or 
habitation elsewhere. They might, Atal said, heed a man's prayer if in good 
humour; but one must not think of climbing to their onyx stronghold atop 
Kadath in the cold waste. It was lucky that no man knew where Kadath towers, 
for the fruits of ascending it would be very grave. Atal's companion Banni the 
Wise had been drawn screaming into the sky for climbing merely the known 
peak of Hatheg-Kia. With unknown Kadath, if ever found, matters would be 
much worse; for although Earth's gods may sometimes be surpassed by a wise 
mortal, they are protected by the Other Gods from Outside, whom it is better not 
to discuss. At least twice in the world's history the Other Gods set their seal upon 
Earth's primal granite; once in antediluvian times, as guessed from a drawing in 
those parts of the Pnakotic Manuscripts too ancient to be read, and once on 
Hatheg-Kia when Barzai the Wise tried to see Earth's gods dancing by 
moonlight. So, Atal said, it would be much better to let all gods alone except in 
tactful prayers. 

Carter, though disappointed by Atal's discouraging advice and by the meagre 
help to be found in the Pnakotic Manuscripts and the Seven Cryptical Books of 
Hsan, did not wholly despair. First he questioned the old priest about that 



440 



marvellous sunset city seen from the railed terrace, thinking that perhaps he 
might find it without the gods' aid; but Atal could tell him nothing. Probably, 
Atal said, the place belonged to his especial dream world and not to the general 
land of vision that many know; and conceivably it might be on another planet. In 
that case Earth's gods could not guide him if they would. But this was not likely, 
since the stopping of the dreams shewed pretty clearly that it was something the 
Great Ones wished to hide from him. 

Then Carter did a wicked thing, offering his guileless host so many draughts of 
the moon-wine which the Zoogs had given him that the old man became 
irresponsibly talkative. Robbed of his reserve, poor Atal babbled freely of 
forbidden things; telling of a great image reported by travellers as carved on the 
solid rock of the mountain Ngranek, on the isle of Oriab in the Southern Sea, and 
hinting that it may be a likeness which Earth's gods once wrought of their own 
features in the days when they danced by moonlight on that mountain. And he 
hiccoughed likewise that the features of that image are very strange, so that one 
might easily recognize them, and that they are sure signs of the authentic race of 
the gods. 

Now the use of all this in finding the gods became at once apparent to Carter. It 
is known that in disguise the younger among the Great Ones often espouse the 
daughters of men, so that around the borders of the cold waste wherein stands 
Kadath the peasants must all bear their blood. This being so, the way to find that 
waste must be to see the stone face on Ngranek and mark the features; then, 
having noted them with care, to search for such features among living men. 
Where they are plainest and thickest, there must the gods dwell nearest; and 
whatever stony waste lies back of the villages in that place must be that wherein 
stands Kadath. 

Much of the Great Ones might be learnt in such regions, and those with their 
blood might inherit little memories very useful to a seeker. They might not know 
their parentage, for the gods so dislike to be known among men that none can be 
found who has seen their faces wittingly; a thing which Carter realized even as 
he sought to scale Kadath. But they would have queer lofty thoughts 
misunderstood by their fellows, and would sing of far places and gardens so 
unlike any known even in the dreamland that common folk would call them 
fools; and from all this one could perhaps learn old secrets of Kadath, or gain 
hints of the marvellous sunset city which the gods held secret. And more, one 
might in certain cases seize some well-loved child of a god as hostage; or even 
capture some young god himself, disguised and dwelling amongst men with a 
comely peasant maiden as his bride. 



441 



Atal, however, did not know how to find Ngranek on its isle of Oriab; and 
recommended that Carter follow the singing Skai under its bridges down to the 
Southern Sea; where no burgess of Ulthar has ever been, but whence the 
merchants come in boats or with long caravans of mules and two-wheeled carts. 
There is a great city there, Dylath-Leen, but in Ulthar its reputation is bad 
because of the black three-banked galleys that sail to it with rubies from no 
clearly named shore. The traders that come from those galleys to deal with the 
jewellers are human, or nearly so, but the rowers are never beheld; and it is not 
thought wholesome in Ulthar that merchants should trade with black ships from 
unknown places whose rowers cannot be exhibited. 

By the time he had given this information Atal was very drowsy, and Carter laid 
him gently on a couch of inlaid ebony and gathered his long beard decorously on 
his chest. As he turned to go, he observed that no suppressed fluttering followed 
him, and wondered why the Zoogs had become so lax in their curious pursuit. 
Then he noticed all the sleek complacent cats of Ulthar licking their chops with 
unusual gusto, and recalled the spitting and caterwauling he had faintly heard, 
in lower parts of the temple while absorbed in the old priest's conversation. He 
recalled, too, the evilly hungry way in which an especially impudent young 
Zoog had regarded a small black kitten in the cobbled street outside. And 
because he loved nothing on earth more than small black kittens, he stooped and 
petted the sleek cats of Ulthar as they licked their chops, and did not mourn 
because those inquisitive Zoogs would escort him no farther. 

It was sunset now, so Carter stopped at an ancient inn on a steep little street 
overlooking the lower town. And as he went out on the balcony of his room and 
gazed down at the sea of red tiled roofs and cobbled ways and the pleasant fields 
beyond, all mellow and magical in the slanted light, he swore that Ulthar would 
be a very likely place to dwell in always, were not the memory of a greater 
sunset city ever goading one onward toward unknown perils. Then twilight fell, 
and the pink walls of the plastered gables turned violet and mystic, and little 
yellow lights floated up one by one from old lattice windows. And sweet bells 
pealed in. the temple tower above, and the first star winked softly above the 
meadows across the Skai. With the night came song, and Carter nodded as the 
lutanists praised ancient days from beyond the filigreed balconies and tesselated 
courts of simple Ulthar. And there might have been sweetness even in the voices 
of Ulthar's many cats, but that they were mostly heavy and silent from strange 
feasting. Some of them stole off to those cryptical realms which are known only 
to cats and which villagers say are on the moon's dark side, whither the cats leap 
from tall housetops, but one small black kitten crept upstairs and sprang in 
Carter's lap to purr and play, and curled up near his feet when he lay down at 
last on the little couch whose pillows were stuffed with fragrant, drowsy herbs. 



442 



In the morning Carter joined a caravan of merchants bound for Dylath-Leen with 
the spun wool of Ulthar and the cabbages of Ulthar's busy farms. And for six 
days they rode with tinkhng bells on the smooth road beside the Skai; stopping 
some nights at the inns of little quaint fishing towns, and on other nights 
camping under the stars while snatches of boatmen's songs came from the placid 
river. The country was very beautiful, with green hedges and groves and 
picturesque peaked cottages and octagonal windmills. 

On the seventh day a blur of smoke rose on the horizon ahead, and then the tall 
black towers of Dylath-Leen, which is built mostly of basalt. Dylath-Leen with its 
thin angular towers looks in the distance like a bit of the Giant's Causeway, and 
its streets are dark and uninviting. There are many dismal sea-taverns near the 
myriad wharves, and all the town is thronged with the strange seamen of every 
land on earth and of a few which are said to be not on earth. Carter questioned 
the oddly robed men of that city about the peak of Ngranek on the isle of Oriab, 
and found that they knew of it well. 

Ships came from Bahama on that island, one being due to return thither in only a 
month, and Ngranek is but two days' zebra-ride from that port. But few had seen 
the stone face of the god, because it is on a very difficult side of Ngranek, which 
overlooks only sheer crags and a valley of sinister lava. Once the gods were 
angered with men on that side, and spoke of the matter to the Other Gods. 

It was hard to get this information from the traders and sailors in Dylath-Leen's 
sea taverns, because they mostly preferred to whisper of the black galleys. One of 
them was due in a week with rubies from its unknown shore, and the townsfolk 
dreaded to see it dock. The mouths of the men who came from it to trade were 
too wide, and the way their turbans were humped up in two points above their 
foreheads was in especially bad taste. And their shoes were the shortest and 
queerest ever seen in the Six Kingdoms. But worst of all was the matter of the 
unseen rowers. Those three banks of oars moved too briskly and accurately and 
vigorously to be comfortable, and it was not right for a ship to stay in port for 
weeks while the merchants traded, yet to give no glimpse of its crew. It was not 
fair to the tavern-keepers of Dylath-Leen, or to the grocers and butchers, either; 
for not a scrap of provisions was ever sent aboard. The merchants took only gold 
and stout black slaves from Parg across the river. That was all they ever took, 
those unpleasantly featured merchants and their unseen rowers; never anything 
from the butchers and grocers, but only gold and the fat black men of Parg 
whom they bought by the pound. And the odours from those galleys which the 
south wind blew in from the wharves are not to be described. Only by constantly 
smoking strong thagweed could even the hardiest denizen of the old sea-taverns 
bear them. Dylath-Leen would never have tolerated the black galleys had such 



443 



rubies been obtainable elsewhere, but no mine in all Earth's dreamland was 
known to produce their like. 

Of these things Dylath-Leen's cosmopolitan folk chiefly gossiped whilst Carter 
waited patiently for the ship from Bahama, which might bear him to the isle 
whereon carven Ngranek towers lofty and barren. Meanwhile he did not fall to 
seek through the haunts of far travellers for any tales they might have concerning 
Kadath in the cold waste or a marvellous city of marble walls and silver 
fountains seen below terraces in the sunset. Of these things, however, he learned 
nothing; though he once thought that a certain old slant-eyed merchant looked 
queerly intelligent when the cold waste was spoken of. This man was reputed to 
trade with the horrible stone villages on the icy desert plateau of Leng, which no 
healthy folk visit and whose evil fires are seen at night from afar. He was even 
rumoured to have dealt with that High-Priest Not To Be Described, which wears 
a yellow silken mask over its face and dwells all alone in a prehistoric stone 
monastery. That such a person might well have had nibbling traffick with such 
beings as may conceivably dwell in the cold waste was not to be doubted, but 
Carter soon found that it was no use questioning him. 

Then the black galley slipped into the harbour past the basalt wale and the tall 
lighthouse, silent and alien, and with a strange stench that the south wind drove 
into the town. Uneasiness rustled through the taverns along that waterfront, and 
after a while the dark wide-mouthed merchants with humped turbans and short 
feet clumped steathily ashore to seek the bazaars of the jewellers. Carter 
observed them closely, and disliked them more the longer he looked at them. 
Then he saw them drive the stout black men of Parg up the gangplank grunting 
and sweating into that singular galley, and wondered in what lands - or if in any 
lands at all - those fat pathetic creatures might be destined to serve. 

And on the third evening of that galley's stay one of the uncomfortable 
merchants spoke to him, smirking sinfully and hinting of what he had heard in 
the taverns of Carter's quest. He appeared to have knowledge too secret for 
public telling; and although the sound of his voice was unbearably hateful. 
Carter felt that the lore of so far a traveller must not be overlooked. He bade him 
therefore be his guest in locked chambers above, and drew out the last of the 
Zoogs' moon-wine to loosen his tongue. The strange merchant drank heavily, but 
smirked unchanged by the draught. Then he drew forth a curious bottle with 
wine of his own, and Carter saw that the bottle was a single hollowed ruby, 
grotesquely carved in patterns too fabulous to be comprehended. He offered his 
wine to his host, and though Carter took only the least sip, he felt the dizziness of 
space and the fever of unimagined jungles. All the while the guest had been 
smiling more and more broadly, and as Carter slipped into blankness the last 
thing he saw was that dark odious face convulsed with evil laughter and 



444 



something quite unspeakable where one of the two frontal puffs of that orange 
turban had become disarranged with the shakings of that epileptic mirth. 

Carter next had consciousness amidst horrible odours beneath a tent-like awning 
on the deck of a ship, with the marvellous coasts of the Southern Sea flying by in 
unnatural swiftness. He was not chained, but three of the dark sardonic 
merchants stood grinning nearby, and the sight of those humps in their turbans 
made him almost as faint as did the stench that filtered up through the sinister 
hatches. He saw slip past him the glorious lands and cities of which a fellow- 
dreamer of earth - a lighthouse-keeper in ancient Kingsport - had often 
discoursed in the old days, and recognized the templed terraces of Zak, abode of 
forgotten dreams; the spires of infamous Thalarion, that daemon-city of a 
thousand wonders where the eidolon Lathi reigns; the charnel gardens of Zura, 
land of pleasures unattained, and the twin headlands of crystal, meeting above in 
a resplendent arch, which guard the harbour of Sona-Nyl, blessed land of fancy. 

Past all these gorgeous lands the malodourous ship flew unwholesomely, urged 
by the abnormal strokes of those unseen rowers below. And before the day was 
done Carter saw that the steersman could have no other goal than the Basalt 
Pillars of the West, beyond which simple folk say splendid Cathuria lies, but 
which wise dreamers well know are the gates of a monstrous cataract wherein 
the oceans of earth's dreamland drop wholly to abysmal nothingness and shoot 
through the empty spaces toward other worlds and other stars and the awful 
voids outside the ordered universe where the daemon sultan Azathoth gnaws 
hungrily in chaos amid pounding and piping and the hellish dancing of the 
Other Gods, blind, voiceless, tenebrous, and mindless, with their soul and 
messenger Nyarlathotep. 

Meanwhile the three sardonic merchants would give no word of their intent, 
though Carter well knew that they must be leagued with those who wished to 
hold him from his quest. It is understood in the land of dream that the Other 
Gods have many agents moving among men; and all these agents, whether 
wholly human or slightly less than human, are eager to work the will of those 
blind and mindless things in return for the favour of their hideous soul and 
messenger, the crawling chaos Nyarlathotep. So Carter inferred that the 
merchants of the humped turbans, hearing of his daring search for the Great 
Ones in their castle of Kadath, had decided to take him away and deliver him to 
Nyarlathotep for whatever nameless bounty might be offered for such a prize. 
What might be the land of those merchants in our known universe or in the 
eldritch spaces outside. Carter could not guess; nor could he imagine at what 
hellish trysting-place they would meet the crawling chaos to give him up and 
claim their reward. He knew, however, that no beings as nearly human as these 



445 



would dare approach the ultimate nighted throne of the daemon Azathoth in the 
formless central void. 

At the set of sun the merchants licked their excessively wide lips and glared 
hungrily and one of them went below and returned from some hidden and 
offensive cabin with a pot and basket of plates. Then they squatted close together 
beneath the awning and ate the smoking meat that was passed around. But when 
they gave Carter a portion, he found something very terrible in the size and 
shape of it; so that he turned even paler than before and cast that portion into the 
sea when no eye was on him. And again he thought of those unseen rowers 
beneath, and of the suspicious nourishment from which their far too mechanical 
strength was derived. 

It was dark when the galley passed betwixt the Basalt Pillars of the West and the 
sound of the ultimate cataract swelled portentous from ahead. And the spray of 
that cataract rose to obscure the stars, and the deck grew damp, and the vessel 
reeled in the surging current of the brink. Then with a queer whistle and plunge 
the leap was taken, and Carter felt the terrors of nightmare as earth fell away and 
the great boat shot silent and comet-like into planetary space. Never before had 
he known what shapeless black things lurk and caper and flounder all through 
the aether, leering and grinning at such voyagers as may pass, and sometimes 
feeling about with slimy paws when some moving object excites their curiosity. 
These are the nameless larvae of the Other Gods, and like them are blind and 
without mind, and possessed of singular hungers and thirsts. 

But that offensive galley did not aim as far as Carter had feared, for he soon saw 
that the helmsman was steering a course directly for the moon. The moon was a 
crescent shining larger and larger as they approached it, and shewing its singular 
craters and peaks uncomfortably. The ship made for the edge, and it soon 
became clear that its destination was that secret and mysterious side which is 
always turned away from earth, and which no fully human person, save perhaps 
the dreamer Snireth-Ko, has ever beheld. The close aspect of the moon as the 
galley drew near proved very disturbing to Carter, and he did not like the size 
and shape of the ruins which crumbled here and there. The dead temples on the 
mountains were so placed that they could have glorified no suitable or 
wholesome gods, and in the symmetries of the broken columns there seemed to 
be some dark and inner meaning which did not invite solution. And what the 
structure and proportions of the olden worshippers could have been. Carter 
steadily refused to conjecture. 

When the ship rounded the edge, and sailed over those lands unseen by man, 
there appeared in the queer landscape certain signs of life, and Carter saw many 
low, broad, round cottages in fields of grotesque whitish fungi. He noticed that 



446 



these cottages had no windows, and thought that their shape suggested the huts 
of Esquimaux. Then he ghmpsed the oily waves of a sluggish sea, and knew that 
the voyage was once more to be by water - or at least through some liquid. The 
galley struck the surface with a peculiar sound, and the odd elastic way the 
waves received it was very perplexing to Carter. 

They now slid along at great speed, once passing and hailing another galley of 
kindred form, but generally seeing nothing but that curious sea and a sky that 
was black and star-strewn even though the sun shone scorchingly in it. 

There presently rose ahead the jagged hills of a leprous-looking coast, and Carter 
saw the thick unpleasant grey towers of a city. The way they leaned and bent, the 
manner in which they were clustered, and the fact that they had no windows at 
all, was very disturbing to the prisoner; and he bitterly mourned the folly which 
had made him sip the curious wine of that merchant with the humped turban. 
As the coast drew nearer, and the hideous stench of that city grew stronger, he 
saw upon the jagged hills many forests, some of whose trees he recognized as 
akin to that solitary moon-tree in the enchanted wood of earth, from whose sap 
the small brown Zoogs ferment their curious wine. 

Carter could now distinguish moving figures on the noisome wharves ahead, 
and the better he saw them the worse he began to fear and detest them. For they 
were not men at all, or even approximately men, but great greyish-white slippery 
things which could expand and contract at will, and whose principal shape - 
though it often changed - was that of a sort of toad without any eyes, but with a 
curious vibrating mass of short pink tentacles on the end of its blunt, vague 
snout. These objects were waddling busily about the wharves, moving bales and 
crates and boxes with preternatural strength, and now and then hopping on or 
off some anchored galley with long oars in their forepaws. And now and then 
one would appear driving a herd of clumping slaves, which indeed were 
approximate human beings with wide mouths like those merchants who traded 
in Dylath-Leen; only these herds, being without turbans or shoes or clothing, did 
not seem so very human after all. Some of the slaves - the fatter ones, whom a 
sort of overseer would pinch experimentally - were unloaded from ships and 
nailed in crates which workers pushed into the low warehouses or loaded on 
great lumbering vans. 

Once a van was hitched and driven off, and the, fabulous thing which drew it 
was such that Carter gasped, even after having seen the other monstrosities of 
that hateful place. Now and then a small herd of slaves dressed and turbaned 
like the dark merchants would be driven aboard a galley, followed by a great 
crew of the slippery toad-things as officers, navigators, and rowers. And Carter 
saw that the almost-human creatures were reserved for the more ignominious 



447 



kinds of servitude which required no strength, such as steering and cooking, 
fetching and carrying, and bargaining with men on the earth or other planets 
where they traded. These creatures must have been convenient on earth, for they 
were truly not unlike men when dressed and carefully shod and turbaned, and 
could haggle in the shops of men without embarrassment or curious 
explanations. But most of them, unless lean or ill-favoured, were unclothed and 
packed in crates and drawn off in lumbering lorries by fabulous things. 
Occasionally other beings were unloaded and crated; some very like these semi- 
humans, some not so similar, and some not similar at all. And he wondered if 
any of the poor stout black men of Parg were left to be unloaded and crated and 
shipped inland in those obnoxious drays. 

When the galley landed at a greasy-looking quay of spongy rock a nightmare 
horde of toad-things wiggled out of the hatches, and two of them seized Carter 
and dragged him ashore. The smell and aspect of that city are beyond telling, 
and Carter held only scattered images of the tiled streets and black doorways 
and endless precipices of grey vertical walls without windows. At length he was 
dragged within a low doorway and made to climb infinite steps in pitch 
blackness. It was, apparently, all one to the toad-things whether it were light or 
dark. The odour of the place was intolerable, and when Carter was locked into a 
chamber and left alone he scarcely had strength to crawl around and ascertain its 
form and dimensions. It was circular, and about twenty feet across. 

From then on time ceased to exist. At intervals food was pushed in, but Carter 
would not touch it. What his fate would be, he did not know; but he felt that he 
was held for the coming of that frightful soul and messenger of infinity's Other 
Gods, the crawling chaos Nyarlathotep. Finally, after an unguessed span of 
hours or days, the great stone door swung wide again, and Carter was shoved 
down the stairs and out into the red-litten streets of that fearsome city. It was 
night on the moon, and all through the town were stationed slaves bearing 
torches. 

In a detestable square a sort of procession was formed; ten of the toad-things and 
twenty-four almost human torch-bearers, eleven on either side, and one each 
before and behind. Carter was placed in the middle of the line; five toad-things 
ahead and five behind, and one almost-human torch-bearer on either side of him. 
Certain of the toad-things produced disgustingly carven flutes of ivory and made 
loathsome sounds. To that hellish piping the column advanced out of the tiled 
streets and into nighted plains of obscene fungi, soon commencing to climb one 
of the lower and more gradual hills that lay behind the city. That on some 
frightful slope or blasphemous plateau the crawling chaos waited. Carter could 
not doubt; and he wished that the suspense might soon be over. The whining of 
those impious flutes was shocking, and he would have given worlds for some 



448 



even half-normal sound; but these toad-things had no voices, and the slaves did 
not talk. 

Then through that star-specked darkness there did come a normal sound. It 
rolled from the higher hills, and from all the jagged peaks around it was caught 
up and echoed in a swelling pandaemoniac chorus. It was the midnight yell of 
the cat, and Carter knew at last that the old village folk were right when they 
made low guesses about the cryptical realms which are known only to cats, and 
to which the elders among cats repair by stealth nocturnally, springing from high 
housetops. Verily, it is to the moon's dark side that they go to leap and gambol 
on the hills and converse with ancient shadows, and here amidst that column of 
foetid things Carter heard their homely, friendly cry, and thought of the steep 
roofs and warm hearths and little lighted windows of home. 

Now much of the speech of cats was known to Randolph Carter, and in this far 
terrible place he uttered the cry that was suitable. But that he need not have 
done, for even as his lips opened he heard the chorus wax and draw nearer, and 
saw swift shadows against the stars as small graceful shapes leaped from hill to 
hill in gathering legions. The call of the clan had been given, and before the foul 
procession had time even to be frightened a cloud of smothering fur and a 
phalanx of murderous claws were tidally and tempestuously upon it. The flutes 
stopped, and there were shrieks in the night. Dying almost-humans screamed, 
and cats spit and yowled and roared, but the toad-things made never a sound as 
their stinking green ichor oozed fatally upon that porous earth with the obscene 
fungi. 

It was a stupendous sight while the torches lasted, and Carter had never before 
seen so many cats. Black, grey, and white; yellow, tiger, and mixed; common, 
Persian, and Marix; Thibetan, Angora, and Egyptian; all were there in the fury of 
battle, and there hovered over them some trace of that profound and inviolate 
sanctity which made their goddess great in the temples of Bubastis. They would 
leap seven strong at the throat of an almost-human or the pink tentacled snout of 
a toad-thing and drag it down savagely to the fungous plain, where myriads of 
their fellows would surge over it and into it with the frenzied claws and teeth of 
a divine battle-fury. Carter had seized a torch from a stricken slave, but was soon 
overborne by the surging waves of his loyal defenders. Then he lay in the utter 
blackness hearing the clangour of war and the shouts of the victors, and feeling 
the soft paws of his friends as they rushed to and fro over him in the fray. 

At last awe and exhaustion closed his eyes, and when he opened them again it 
was upon a strange scene. The great shining disc of the earth, thirteen times 
greater than that of the moon as we see it, had risen with floods of weird light 
over the lunar landscape; and across all those leagues of wild plateau and ragged 



449 



crest there squatted one endless sea of cats in orderly array. Circle on circle they 
reached, and two or three leaders out of the ranks were licking his face and 
purring to him consolingly. Of the dead slaves and toad-things there were not 
many signs, but Carter thought he saw one bone a little way off in the open space 
between him and the warriors. 

Carter now spoke with the leaders in the soft language of cats, and learned that 
his ancient friendship with the species was well known and often spoken of in 
the places where cats congregate. He had not been unmarked in Ulthar when he 
passed through, and the sleek old cats had remembered how he patted them 
after they had attended to the hungry Zoogs who looked evilly at a small black 
kitten. And they recalled, too, how he had welcomed the very little kitten who 
came to see him at the inn, and how he had given it a saucer of rich cream in the 
morning before he left. The grandfather of that very little kitten was the leader of 
the army now assembled, for he had seen the evil procession from a far hill and 
recognized the prisoner as a sworn friend of his kind on earth and in the land of 
dream. 

A yowl now came from the farther peak, and the old leader paused abruptly in 
his conversation. It was one of the army's outposts, stationed on the highest of 
the mountains to watch the one foe which Earth's cats fear; the very large and 
peculiar cats from Saturn, who for some reason have not been oblivious of the 
charm of our moon's dark side. They are leagued by treaty with the evil toad- 
things, and are notoriously hostile to our earthly cats; so that at this juncture a 
meeting would have been a somewhat grave matter. 

After a brief consultation of generals, the cats rose and assumed a closer 
formation, crowding protectingly around Carter and preparing to take the great 
leap through space back to the housetops of our earth and its dreamland. The old 
field-marshal advised Carter to let himself be borne along smoothly and 
passively in the massed ranks of furry leapers, and told him how to spring when 
the rest sprang and land gracefully when the rest landed. He also offered to 
deposit him in any spot he desired, and Carter decided on the city of Dylath- 
Leen whence the black galley had set out; for he wished to sail thence for Oriab 
and the carven crest Ngranek, and also to warn the people of the city to have no 
more traffick with black galleys, if indeed that traffick could be tactfully and 
judiciously broken off. Then, upon a signal, the cats all leaped gracefully with 
their friend packed securely in their midst; while in a black cave on an 
unhallowed summit of the moon-mountains still vainly waited the crawling 
chaos Nyarlathotep. 

The leap of the cats through space was very swift; and being surrounded by his 
companions Carter did not see this time the great black shapelessnesses that lurk 



450 



and caper and flounder in the abyss. Before he fully realised what had happened 
he was back in his familiar room at the inn at Dylath-Leen, and the stealthy, 
friendly cats were pouring out of the window in streams. The old leader from 
Ulthar was the last to leave, and as Carter shook his paw he said he would be 
able to get home by cockcrow. When dawn came. Carter went downstairs and 
learned that a week had elapsed since his capture and leaving. There was still 
nearly a fortnight to wait for the ship bound toward Oriab, and during that time 
he said what he could against the black galleys and their infamous ways. Most of 
the townsfolk believed him; yet so fond were the jewellers of great rubies that 
none would wholly promise to cease trafficking with the wide-mouthed 
merchants. If aught of evil ever befalls Dylath-Leen through such traffick, it will 
not be his fault. 

In about a week the desiderate ship put in by the black wale and tall lighthouse, 
and Carter was glad to see that she was a barque of wholesome men, with 
painted sides and yellow lateen sails and a grey captain in silken robes. Her 
cargo was the fragrant resin of Oriab's inner groves, and the delicate pottery 
baked by the artists of Bahama, and the strange little figures carved from 
Ngranek's ancient lava. For this they were paid in the wool of Ulthar and the 
iridescent textiles of Hatheg and the ivory that the black men carve across the 
river in Parg. Carter made arrangements with the captain to go to Bahama and 
was told that the voyage would take ten days. And during his week of waiting 
he talked much with that captain of Ngranek, and was told that very few had 
seen the carven face thereon; but that most travellers are content to learn its 
legends from old people and lava-gatherers and image-makers in Bahama and 
afterward say in their far homes that they have indeed beheld it. The captain was 
not even sure that any person now living had beheld that carven face, for the 
wrong side of Ngranek is very difficult and barren and sinister, and there are 
rumours of caves near the peak wherein dwell the night-gaunts. But the captain 
did not wish to say just what a night-gaunt might be like, since such cattle are 
known to haunt most persistently the dreams of those who think too often of 
them. Then Carter asked that captain about unknown Kadath in the cold waste, 
and the marvellous sunset city, but of these the good man could truly tell 
nothing. 

Carter sailed out of Dylath-Leen one early morning when the tide turned, and 
saw the first rays of sunrise on the thin angular towers of that dismal basalt 
town. And for two days they sailed eastward in sight of green coasts, and saw 
often the pleasant fishing towns that climbed up steeply with their red roofs and 
chimney-pots from old dreaming wharves and beaches where nets lay drying. 
But on the third day they turned sharply south where the roll of water was 
stronger, and soon passed from sight of any land. On the fifth day the sailors 
were nervous, but the captain apologized for their fears, saying that the ship was 



451 



about to pass over the weedy walls and broken columns of a sunken city too old 
for memory, and that when the water was clear one could see so many moving 
shadows in that deep place that simple folk disliked it. He admitted, moreover, 
that many ships had been lost in that part of the sea; having been hailed when 
quite close to it, but never seen again. 

That night the moon was very bright, and one could see a great way down in the 
water. There was so little wind that the ship could not move much, and the ocean 
was very calm. Looking over the rail Carter saw many fathoms deep the dome of 
the great temple, and in front of it an avenue of unnatural sphinxes leading to 
what was once a public square. Dolphins sported merrily in and out of the ruins, 
and porpoises revelled clumsily here and there, sometimes coming to the surface 
and leaping clear out of the sea. As the ship drifted on a little the floor of the 
ocean rose in hills, and one could clearly mark the lines of ancient climbing 
streets and the washed-down walls of myriad little houses. 

Then the suburbs appeared, and finally a great lone building on a hill, of simpler 
architecture than the other structures, and in much better repair. It was dark and 
low and covered four sides of a square, with a tower at each corner, a paved 
court in the centre, and small curious round windows all over it. Probably it was 
of basalt, though weeds draped the greater part; and such was its lonely and 
impressive place on that far hill that it may have been a temple or a monastery. 
Some phosphorescent fish inside it gave the small round windows an aspect of 
shining, and Carter did not blame the sailors much for their fears. Then by the 
watery moonlight he noticed an odd high monolith in the middle of that central 
court, and saw that something was tied to it. And when after getting a telescope 
from the captain's cabin he saw that that bound thing was a sailor in the silk 
robes of Oriab, head downward and without any eyes, he was glad that a rising 
breeze soon took the ship ahead to more healthy parts of the sea. 

The next day they spoke with a ship with violet sails bound for Zar, in the land 
of forgotten dreams, with bulbs of strange coloured lilies for cargo. And on the 
evening of the eleventh day they came in sight of the isle of Oriab with Ngranek 
rising jagged and snow-crowned in the distance. Oriab is a very great isle, and its 
port of Bahama a mighty city. The wharves of Bahama are of porphyry, and the 
city rises in great stone terraces behind them, having streets of steps that are 
frequently arched over by buildings and the bridges between buildings. There is 
a great canal which goes under the whole city in a tunnel with granite gates and 
leads to the inland lake of Yath, on whose farther shore are the vast clay-brick 
ruins of a primal city whose name is not remembered. As the ship drew into the 
harbour at evening the twin beacons Thon and Thai gleamed a welcome, and in 
all the million windows of Bahama's terraces mellow lights peeped out quietly 
and gradually as the stars peep out overhead in the dusk, till that steep and 



452 



climbing seaport became a glittering constellation hung between the stars of 
heaven and the reflections of those stars in the still harbour. 

The captain, after landing, made Carter a guest in his own small house on the 
shores of Yath where the rear of the town slopes down to it; and his wife and 
servants brought strange toothsome foods for the traveller's delight. And in the 
days after that Carter asked for rumours and legends of Ngranek in all the 
taverns and public places where lava-gatherers and image-makers meet, but 
could find no one who had been up the higher slopes or seen the carven face. 
Ngranek was a hard mountain with only an accursed valley behind it, and 
besides, one could never depend on the certainty that night-gaunts are altogether 
fabulous. 

When the captain sailed hack to Dylath-Leen Carter took quarters in an ancient 
tavern opening on an alley of steps in the original part of the town, which is built 
of brick and resembles the ruins of Yath's farther shore. Here he laid his plans for 
the ascent of Ngranek, and correlated all that he had learned from the lava- 
gatherers about the roads thither. The keeper of the tavern was a very old man, 
and had heard so many legends that he was a great help. He even took Carter to 
an upper room in that ancient house and shewed him a crude picture which a 
traveller had scratched on the clay wall in the old days when men were bolder 
and less reluctant to visit Ngranek's higher slopes. The old tavern-keeper's great- 
grandfather had heard from his great-grandfather that the traveller who 
scratched that picture had climbed Ngranek and seen the carven face, here 
drawing it for others to behold, but Carter had very great doubts, since the large 
rough features on the wall were hasty and careless, and wholly overshadowed 
by a crowd of little companion shapes in the worst possible taste, with horns and 
wings and claws and curling tails. 

At last, having gained all the information he was likely to gain in the taverns and 
public places of Bahama, Carter hired a zebra and set out one morning on the 
road by Yath's shore for those inland parts wherein towers stony Ngranek. On 
his right were rolling hills and pleasant orchards and neat little stone 
farmhouses, and he was much reminded of those fertile fields that flank the Skai. 
By evening he was near the nameless ancient ruins on Yath's farther shore, and 
though old lava-gatherers had warned him not to camp there at night, he 
tethered his zebra to a curious pillar before a crumbling wall and laid his blanket 
in a sheltered corner beneath some carvings whose meaning none could 
decipher. Around him he wrapped another blanket, for the nights are cold in 
Oriab; and when upon awaking once he thought he felt the wings of some insect 
brushing his face he covered his head altogether and slept in peace till roused by 
the magah birds in distant resin groves. 



453 



The sun had just come up over the great slope whereon leagues of primal brick 
foundations and worn walls and occasional cracked pillars and pedestals 
stretched down desolate to the shore of Yath, and Carter looked about for his 
tethered zebra. Great was his dismay to see that docile beast stretched prostrate 
beside the curious pillar to which it had been tied, and still greater was he vexed 
on finding that the steed was quite dead, with its blood all sucked away through 
a singular wound in its throat. His pack had been disturbed, and several shiny 
knickknacks taken away, and all round on the dusty soil' were great webbed 
footprints for which he could not in any way account. The legends and warnings 
of lava-gatherers occurred to him, and he thought of what had brushed his face 
in the night. Then he shouldered his pack and strode on toward Ngranek, though 
not without a shiver when he saw close to him as the highway passed through 
the ruins a great gaping arch low in the wall of an old temple, with steps leading 
down into darkness farther than he could peer. 

His course now lay uphill through wilder and partly wooded country, and he 
saw only the huts of charcoal-burners and the camp of those who gathered resin 
from the groves. The whole air was fragrant with balsam, and all the magah 
birds sang blithely as they flashed their seven colours in the sun. Near sunset he 
came on a new camp of lava-gatherers returning with laden sacks from 
Ngranek's lower slopes; and here he also camped, listening to the songs and tales 
of the men, and overhearing what they whispered about a companion they had 
lost. He had climbed high to reach a mass of fine lava above him, and at nightfall 
did not return to his fellows. When they looked for him the next day they found 
only his turban, nor was there any sign on the crags below that he had fallen. 
They did not search any more, because the old man among them said it would be 
of no use. 

No one ever found what the night-gaunts took, though those beasts themselves 
were so uncertain as to be almost fabulous. Carter asked them if night-gaunts 
sucked blood and liked shiny things and left webbed footprints, but they all 
shook their heads negatively and seemed frightened at his making such an 
inquiry. When he saw how taciturn they had become he asked them no more, 
but went to sleep in his blanket. 

The next day he rose with the lava-gatherers and exchanged farewells as they 
rode west and he rode east on a zebra he bought of them. Their older men gave 
him blessings and warnings, and told him he had better not climb too high on 
Ngranek, but while he thanked them heartily he was in no wise dissuaded. For 
still did he feel that he must find the gods on unknown Kadath; and win from 
them a way to that haunting and marvellous city in the sunset. By noon, after a 
long uphill ride, he came upon some abandoned brick villages of the hill-people 
who had once dwelt thus close to Ngranek and carved images from its smooth 



454 



lava. Here they had dweh till the days of the old tavernkeeper's grandfather, but 
about that time they felt that their presence was disliked. Their homes had crept 
even up the mountain's slope, and the higher they built the more people they 
would miss when the sun rose. At last they decided it would be better to leave 
altogether, since things were sometimes glimpsed in the darkness which no one 
could interpret favourably; so in the end all of them went down to the sea and 
dwelt in Bahama, inhabiting a very old quarter and teaching their sons the old 
art of image-making which to this day they carry on. It was from these children 
of the exiled hill-people that Carter had heard the best tales about Ngranek when 
searching through Bahama's ancient taverns. 

All this time the great gaunt side of Ngranek was looming up higher and higher 
as Carter approached it. There were sparse trees on the lower slopes and feeble 
shrubs above them, and then the bare hideous rock rose spectral into the sky, to 
mix with frost and ice and eternal snow. Carter could see the rifts and 
ruggedness of that sombre stone, and did not welcome the prospect of climbing 
it. In places there were solid streams of lava, and scoriae heaps that littered 
slopes and ledges. Ninety aeons ago, before even the gods had danced upon its 
pointed peak, that mountain had spoken with fire and roared with the voices of 
the inner thunders. Now it towered all silent and sinister, bearing on the hidden 
side that secret titan image whereof rumour told. And there were caves in that 
mountain, which might be empty and alone with elder darkness, or might - if 
legend spoke truly - hold horrors of a form not to be surmised. 

The ground sloped upward to the foot of Ngranek, thinly covered with scrub 
oaks and ash trees, and strewn with bits of rock, lava, and ancient cinder. There 
were the charred embers of many camps, where the lava-gatherers were wont to 
stop, and several rude altars which they had built either to propitiate the Great 
Ones or to ward off what they dreamed of in Ngranek's high passes and 
labyrinthine caves. At evening Carter reached the farthermost pile of embers and 
camped for the night, tethering his zebra to a sapling and wrapping himself well 
in his blankets before going to sleep. And all through the night a voonith howled 
distantly from the shore of some hidden pool, but Carter felt no fear of that 
amphibious terror, since he had been told with certainty that not one of them 
dares even approach the slope of Ngranek. 

In the clear sunshine of morning Carter began the long ascent, taking his zebra as 
far as that useful beast could go, but tying it to a stunted ash tree when the floor 
of the thin wood became too steep. Thereafter he scrambled up alone; first 
through the forest with its ruins of old villages in overgrown clearings, and then 
over the tough grass where anaemic shrubs grew here and there. He regretted 
coming clear of the trees, since the slope was very precipitous and the whole 
thing rather dizzying. At length he began to discern all the countryside spread 



455 



out beneath him whenever he looked about; the deserted huts of the image- 
makers, the groves of resin trees and the camps of those who gathered from 
them, the woods where prismatic magahs nest and sing, and even a hint very far 
away of the shores of Yath and of those forbidding ancient ruins whose name is 
forgotten. He found it best not to look around, and kept on climbing and 
climbing till the shrubs became very sparse and there was often nothing but the 
tough grass to cling to. 

Then the soil became meagre, with great patches of bare rock cropping out, and 
now and then the nest of a condor in a crevice. Finally there was nothing at all 
but the bare rock, and had it not been very rough and weathered, he could 
scarcely have ascended farther. Knobs, ledges, and pinnacles, however, helped 
greatly; and it was cheering to see occasionally the sign of some lava-gatherer 
scratched clumsily in the friable stone, and know that wholesome human 
creatures had been there before him. After a certain height the presence of man 
was further shewn by handholds and footholds hewn where they were needed, 
and by little quarries and excavations where some choice vein or stream of lava 
had been found. In one place a narrow ledge had been chopped artificially to an 
especially rich deposit far to the right of the main line of ascent. Once or twice 
Carter dared to look around, and was almost stunned by the spread of landscape 
below. All the island betwixt him and the coast lay open to his sight, with 
Bahama's stone terraces and the smoke of its chimneys mystical in the distance. 
And beyond that the illimitable Southern Sea with all its curious secrets. 

Thus far there had been much winding around the mountain, so that the farther 
and carven side was still hidden. Carter now saw a ledge running upward and to 
the left which seemed to head the way he wished, and this course he took in the 
hope that it might prove continuous. After ten minutes he saw it was indeed no 
cul-de-sac, but that it led steeply on in an arc which would, unless suddenly 
interrupted or deflected, bring him after a few hours' climbing to that unknown 
southern slope overlooking the desolate crags and the accursed valley of lava. As 
new country came into view below him he saw that it was bleaker and wilder 
than those seaward lands he had traversed. The mountain's side, too, was 
somewhat different; being here pierced by curious cracks and caves not found on 
the straighter route he had left. Some of these were above him and some beneath 
him, all opening on sheerly perpendicular cliffs and wholly unreachable by the 
feet of man. The air was very cold now, but so hard was the climbing that he did 
not mind it. Only the increasing rarity bothered him, and he thought that 
perhaps it was this which had turned the heads of other travellers and excited 
those absurd tales of night-gaunts whereby they explained the loss of such 
climbers as fell from these perilous paths. He was not much impressed by 
travellers' tales, but had a good curved scimitar in case of any trouble. All lesser 



456 



thoughts were lost in the wish to see that carven face which might set him on the 
track of the gods atop unknown Kadath. 

At last, in the fearsome iciness of upper space, he came round fully to the hidden 
side of Ngranek and saw in infinite gulfs below him the lesser crags and sterile 
abysses of lava which marked olden wrath of the Great Ones. There was 
unfolded, too, a vast expanse of country to the south; but it was a desert land 
without fair fields or cottage chimneys, and seemed to have no ending. No trace 
of the sea was visible on this side, for Oriab is a great island. Black caverns and 
odd crevices were still numerous on the sheer vertical cliffs, but none of them 
was accessible to a climber. There now loomed aloft a great beetling mass which 
hampered the upward view, and Carter was for a moment shaken with doubt 
lest it prove impassable. Poised in windy insecurity miles above earth, with only 
space and death on one side and only slippery walls of rock on the other, he 
knew for a moment the fear that makes men shun Ngranek's hidden side. He 
could not turn round, yet the sun was already low. If there were no way aloft, the 
night would find him crouching there still, and the dawn would not find him at 
all. 

But there was a way, and he saw it in due season. Only a very expert dreamer 
could have used those imperceptible footholds, yet to Carter they were sufficient. 
Surmounting now the outward-hanging rock, he found the slope above much 
easier than that below, since a great glacier's melting had left a generous space 
with loam and ledges. To the left a precipice dropped straight from unknown 
heights to unknown depths, with a cave's dark mouth just out of reach above 
him. Elsewhere, however, the mountain slanted back strongly, and even gave 
him space to lean and rest. 

He felt from the chill that he must be near the snow line, and looked up to see 
what glittering pinnacles might be shining in that late ruddy sunlight. Surely 
enough, there was the snow uncounted thousands of feet above, and below it a 
great beetling crag like that, he had just climbed; hanging there forever in bold 
outline. And when he saw that crag he gasped and cried out aloud, and clutched 
at the jagged rock in awe; for the titan bulge had not stayed as earth's dawn had 
shaped it, but gleamed red and stupendous in the sunset with the carved and 
polished features of a god. 

Stern and terrible shone that face that the sunset lit with fire. How vast it was no 
mind can ever measure, but Carter knew at once that man could never have 
fashioned it. It was a god chiselled by the hands of the gods, and it looked down 
haughty and majestic upon the seeker. Rumour had said it was strange and not 
to be mistaken, and Carter saw that it was indeed so; for those long narrow eyes 



457 



and long-lobed ears, and that thin nose and pointed chin, all spoke of a race that 
is not of men but of gods. 

He clung overawed in that lofty and perilous eyrie, even though it was this 
which he had expected and come to find; for there is in a god's face more of 
marvel than prediction can tell, and when that face is vaster than a great temple 
and seen looking downward at sunset in the scyptic silences of that upper world 
from whose dark lava it was divinely hewn of old, the marvel is so strong that 
none may escape it. 

Here, too, was the added marvel of recognition; for although he had planned to 
search all dreamland over for those whose likeness to this face might mark them 
as the god's children, he now knew that he need not do so. Certainly, the great 
face carven on that mountain was of no strange sort, but the kin of such as he 
had seen often in the taverns of the seaport Celephais which lies in Ooth-Nargai 
beyond the Tanarian Hills and is ruled over by that King Kuranes whom Carter 
once knew in waking life. Every year sailors with such a face came in dark ships 
from the north to trade their onyx for the carved jade and spun gold and little red 
singing birds of Celephais, and it was clear that these could be no others than the 
hall-gods he sought. Where they dwelt, there must the cold waste lie close, and 
within it unknown Kadath and its onyx castle for the Great Ones. So to Celephais 
he must go, far distant from the isle of Oriab, and in such parts as would take 
him back to Dylath-Teen and up the Skai to the bridge by Nir, and again into the 
enchanted wood of the Zoogs, whence the way would bend northward through 
the garden lands by Oukranos to the gilded spires of Thran, where he might find 
a galleon bound over the Cerenarian Sea. 

But dusk was now thick, and the great carven face looked down even sterner in 
shadow. Perched on that ledge night found the seeker; and in the blackness he 
might neither go down nor go up, but only stand and cling and shiver in that 
narrow place till the day came, praying to keep awake lest sleep loose his hold 
and send him down the dizzy miles of air to the crags and sharp rocks of the 
accursed valley. The stars came out, but save for them there was only black 
nothingness in his eyes; nothingness leagued with death, against whose 
beckoning he might do no more than cling to the rocks and lean back away from 
an unseen brink. The last thing of earth that he saw in the gloaming was a condor 
soaring close to the westward precipice beside him, and darting screaming away 
when it came near the cave whose mouth yawned just out of reach. 

Suddenly, without a warning sound in the dark. Carter felt his curved scimitar 
drawn stealthily out of his belt by some unseen hand. Then he heard it clatter 
down over the rocks below. And between him and the Milky Way he thought he 
saw a very terrible outline of something noxiously thin and horned and tailed 



458 



and bat-winged. Other things, too, had begun to blot out patches of stars west of 
him, as if a flock of vague entities were flapping thickly and silently out of that 
inaccessible cave in the face of the precipice. Then a sort of cold rubbery arm 
seized his neck and something else seized his feet, and he was lifted 
inconsiderately up and swung about in space. Another minute and the stars were 
gone, and Carter knew that the night-gaunts had got him. 

They bore him breathless into that cliffside cavern and through monstrous 
labyrinths beyond. When he struggled, as at first he did by instinct, they tickled 
him with deliberation. They made no sound at all themselves, and even their 
membranous wings were silent. They were frightfully cold and damp and 
slippery, and their paws kneaded one detestably. Soon they were plunging 
hideously downward through inconceivable abysses in a whirling, giddying, 
sickening rush of dank, tomb-like air; and Carter felt they were shooting into the 
ultimate vortex of shrieking and daemonic madness. He screamed again and 
again, but whenever he did so the black paws tickled him with greater subtlety. 
Then he saw a sort of grey phosphorescence about, and guessed they were 
coming even to that inner world of subterrene horror of which dim legends tell, 
and which is litten only by the pale death-fire wherewith reeks the ghoulish air 
and the primal mists of the pits at earth's core. 

At last far below him he saw faint lines of grey and ominous pinnacles which he 
knew must be the fabled Peaks of Throk. Awful and sinister they stand in the 
haunted disc of sunless and eternal depths; higher than man may reckon, and 
guarding terrible valleys where the Dholes crawl and burrow nastily. But Carter 
preferred to look at them than at his captors, which were indeed shocking and 
uncouth black things with smooth, oily, whale-like surfaces, unpleasant horns 
that curved inward toward each other, bat wings whose beating made no sound, 
ugly prehensile paws, and barbed tails that lashed needlessly and disquietingly. 
And worst of all, they never spoke or laughed, and never smiled because they 
had no faces at all to smile with, but only a suggestive blankness where a face 
ought to be. All they ever did was clutch and fly and tickle; that was the way of 
night-gaunts. 

As the band flew lower the Peaks of Throk rose grey and towering on all sides, 
and one saw clearly that nothing lived on that austere and impressive granite of 
the endless twilight. At still lower levels the death-fires in the air gave out, and 
one met only the primal blackness of the void save aloft where the thin peaks 
stood out goblin-like. Soon the peaks were very far away, and nothing about but 
great rushing winds with the dankness of nethermost grottoes in them. Then in 
the end the night-gaunts landed on a floor of unseen things which felt like layers 
of bones, and left Carter all alone in that black valley. To bring him thither was 
the duty of the night-gaunts that guard Ngranek; and this done, they flapped 



459 



away silently. When Carter tried to trace their flight he found he could not, since 
even the Peaks of Throk had faded out of sight. There was nothing anywhere but 
blackness and horror and silence and bones. 

Now Carter knew from a certain source that he was in the vale of Pnoth, where 
crawl and burrow the enormous Dholes; but he did not know what to expect, 
because no one has ever seen a Dhole or even guessed what such a thing may be 
like. Dholes are known only by dim rumour, from the rustling they make 
amongst mountains of bones and the slimy touch they have when they wriggle 
past one. They cannot be seen because they creep only in the dark. Carter did not 
wish to meet a Dhole, so listened intently for any sound in the unknown depths 
of bones about him. Even in this fearsome place he had a plan and an objective, 
for whispers of Pnoth were not unknown to one with whom he had talked much 
in the old days. In brief, it seemed fairly likely that this was the spot into which 
all the ghouls of the waking world cast the refuse of their feastings; and that if he 
but had good luck he might stumble upon that mighty crag taller even than 
Throk's peaks which marks the edge of their domain. Showers of bones would 
tell him where to look, and once found he could call to a ghoul to let down a 
ladder; for strange to say, he had a very singular link with these terrible 
creatures. 

A man he had known in Boston - a painter of strange pictures with a secret 
studio in an ancient and unhallowed alley near a graveyard - had actually made 
friends with the ghouls and had taught him to understand the simpler part of 
their disgusting meeping and glibbering. This man had vanished at last, and 
Carter was not sure but that he might find him now, and use for the first time in 
dreamland that far-away English of his dim waking life. In any case, he felt he 
could persuade a ghoul to guide him out of Pnoth; and it would be better to meet 
a ghoul, which one can see, than a Dhole, which one cannot see. 

So Carter walked in the dark, and ran when he thought he heard something 
among the bones underfoot. Once he bumped into a stony slope, and knew it 
must be the base of one of Throk's peaks. Then at last he heard a monstrous 
rattling and clatter which reached far up in the air, and became sure he had come 
nigh the crag of the ghouls. He was not sure he could be heard from this valley 
miles below, but realised that the inner world has strange laws. As he pondered 
he was struck by a flying bone so heavy that it must have been a skull, and 
therefore realising his nearness to the fateful crag he sent up as best he might that 
meeping cry which is the call of the ghoul. 

Sound travels slowly, so it was some time before he heard an answering glibber. 
But it came at last, and before long he was told that a rope ladder would be 
lowered. The wait for this was very tense, since there was no telling what might 



460 



not have been stirred up among those bones by his shouting. Indeed, it was not 
long before he actually did hear a vague rustling afar off. As this thoughtfully 
approached, he became more and more uncomfortable; for he did not wish to 
move away from the spot where the ladder would come. Finally the tension 
grew almost unbearable, and he was about to flee in panic when the thud of 
something on the newly heaped bones nearby drew his notice from the other 
sound. It was the ladder, and after a minute of groping he had it taut in his 
hands. But the other sound did not cease, and followed him even as he climbed. 
He had gone fully five feet from the ground when the rattling beneath waxed 
emphatic, and was a good ten feet up when something swayed the ladder from 
below. At a height which must have been fifteen or twenty feet he felt his whole 
side brushed by a great slippery length which grew alternately convex and 
concave with wriggling; and hereafter he climbed desperately to escape the 
unendurable nuzzling of that loathsome and overfed Dhole whose form no man 
might see. 

For hours he climbed with aching and blistered hands, seeing again the grey 
death-fire and Throk's uncomfortable pinnacles. At last he discerned above him 
the projecting edge of the great crag of the ghouls, whose vertical side he could 
not glimpse; and hours later he saw a curious face peering over it as a gargoyle 
peers over a parapet of Notre Dame. This almost made him lose his hold through 
faintness, but a moment later he was himself again; for his vanished friend 
Richard Pickman had once introduced him to a ghoul, and he knew well their 
canine faces and slumping forms and unmentionable idiosyncrasies. So he had 
himself well under control when that hideous thing pulled him out of the dizzy 
emptiness over the edge of the crag, and did not scream at the partly consumed 
refuse heaped at one side or at the squatting circles of ghouls who gnawed and 
watched curiously. 

He was now on a dim-litten plain whose sole topographical features were great 
boulders and the entrances of burrows. The ghouls were in general respectful, 
even if one did attempt to pinch him while several others eyed his leanness 
speculatively. Through patient glibbering he made inquiries regarding his 
vanished friend, and found he had become a ghoul of some prominence in 
abysses nearer the waking world. A greenish elderly ghoul offered to conduct 
him to Pickman's present habitation, so despite a natural loathing he followed 
the creature into a capacious burrow and crawled after him for hours in the 
blackness of rank mould. They emerged on a dim plain strewn with singular 
relics of earth - old gravestones, broken urns, and grotesque fragments of 
monuments - and Carter realised with some emotion that he was probably 
nearer the waking world than at any other time since he had gone down the 
seven hundred steps from the cavern of flame to the Gate of Deeper Slumber. 



461 



There, on a tombstone of 1768 stolen from the Granary Burying Ground in 
Boston, sat a ghoul which was once the artist Richard Upton Pickman. It was 
naked and rubbery, and had acquired so much of the ghoulish physiognomy that 
its human origin was already obscure. But it still remembered a little English, 
and was able to converse with Carter in grunts and monosyllables, helped out 
now and then by the glibbering of ghouls. When it learned that Carter wished to 
get to the enchanted wood and from there to the city Celephais in Ooth-Nargai 
beyond the Tanarian Hills, it seemed rather doubtful; for these ghouls of the 
waking world do no business in the graveyards of upper dreamland (leaving 
that to the red-footed wamps that are spawned in dead cities), and many things 
intervene betwixt their gulf and the enchanted wood, including the terrible 
kingdom of the Gugs. 

The Gugs, hairy and gigantic, once reared stone circles in that wood and made 
strange sacrifices to the Other Gods and the crawling chaos Nyarlathotep, until 
one night an abomination of theirs reached the ears of earth's gods and they were 
banished to caverns below. Only a great trap door of stone with an iron ring 
connects the abyss of the earth-ghouls with the enchanted wood, and this the 
Gugs are afraid to open because of a curse. That a mortal dreamer could traverse 
their cavern realm and leave by that door is inconceivable; for mortal dreamers 
were their former food, and they have legends of the toothsomeness of such 
dreamers even though banishment has restricted their diet to the ghasts, those 
repulsive beings which die in the light, and which live in the vaults of Zin and 
leap on long hind legs like kangaroos. 

So the ghoul that was Pickman advised Carter either to leave the abyss at 
Sarkomand, that deserted city in the valley below Leng where black nitrous 
stairways guarded by winged diarote lions lead down from dreamland to the 
lower gulfs, or to return through a churchyard to the waking world and begin 
the quest anew down the seventy steps of light slumber to the cavern of flame 
and the seven hundred steps to the Gate of Deeper Slumber and the enchanted 
wood. This, however, did not suit the seeker; for he knew nothing of the way 
from Leng to Ooth-Nargai, and was likewise reluctant to awake lest he forget all 
he had so far gained in this dream. It was disastrous to his quest to forget the 
august and celestial faces of those seamen from the north who traded onyx in 
Celephais, and who, being the sons of gods, must point the way to the cold waste 
and Kadath where the Great Ones dwell. 

After much persuasion the ghoul consented to guide his guest inside the great 
wall of the Gugs' kingdom. There was one chance that Carter might be able to 
steal through that twilight realm of circular stone towers at an hour when the 
giants would be all gorged and snoring indoors, and reach the central tower with 
the sign of Koth upon it, which has the stairs leading up to that stone trap door 



462 



in the enchanted wood. Pickman even consented to lend three ghouls to help 
with a tombstone lever in raising the stone door; for of ghouls the Gugs are 
somewhat afraid, and they often flee from their own colossal graveyards when 
they see them feasting there. 

He also advised Carter to disguise as a ghoul himself; shaving the beard he had 
allowed to grow (for ghouls have none), wallowing naked in the mould to get 
the correct surface, and loping in the usual slumping way, with his clothing 
carried in a bundle as if it were a choice morsel from a tomb. They would reach 
the city of Gugs - which is coterminous with the whole kingdom - through the 
proper burrows, emerging in a cemetery not far from the stair-containing Tower 
of Koth. They must beware, however, of a large cave near the cemetery; for this is 
the mouth of the vaults of Zin, and the vindictive ghasts are always on watch 
there murderously for those denizens of the upper abyss who hunt and prey on 
them. The ghasts try to come out when the Gugs sleep and they attack ghouls as 
readily as Gugs, for they cannot discriminate. They are very primitive, and eat 
one another. The Gugs have a sentry at a narrow in the vaults of Zin, but he is 
often drowsy and is sometimes surprised by a party of ghasts. Though ghasts 
cannot live in real light, they can endure the grey twilight of the abyss for hours. 

So at length Carter crawled through endless burrows with three helpful ghouls 
bearing the slate gravestone of Col. Nepemiah Derby, obit 1719, from the Charter 
Street Burying Ground in Salem. When they came again into open twilight they 
were in a forest of vast lichened monoliths reaching nearly as high as the eye 
could see and forming the modest gravestones of the Gugs. On the right of the 
hole out of which they wriggled, and seen through aisles of monoliths, was a 
stupendous vista of cyclopean round towers mounting up illimitable into the 
grey air of inner earth. This was the great city of the Gugs, whose doorways are 
thirty feet high. Ghouls come here often, for a buried Gug will feed a community 
for almost a year, and even with the added peril it is better to burrow for Gugs 
than to bother with the graves of men. Carter now understood the occasional 
titan bones he had felt beneath him in the vale of Pnoth. 

Straight ahead, and just outside the cemetery, rose a sheer perpendicular cliff at 
whose base an immense and forbidding cavern yawned. This the ghouls told 
Carter to avoid as much as possible, since it was the entrance to the unhallowed 
vaults of Zin where Gugs hunt ghasts in the darkness. And truly, that warning 
was soon well justified; for the moment a ghoul began to creep toward the 
towers to see if the hour of the Gugs' resting had been rightly timed, there 
glowed in the gloom of that great cavern's mouth first one pair of yellowish-red 
eyes and then another, implying that the Gugs were one sentry less, and that 
ghasts have indeed an excellent sharpness of smell. So the ghoul returned to the 
burrow and motioned his companions to be silent. It was best to leave the ghasts 



463 



to their own devices, and there was a possibihty that they might soon withdraw, 
since they must naturally be rather tired after coping with a Gug sentry in the 
black vaults. After a moment something about the size of a small horse hopped 
out into the grey twilight, and Carter turned sick at the aspect of that scabrous 
and unwholesome beast, whose face is so curiously human despite the absence 
of a nose, a forehead, and other important particulars. 

Presently three other ghasts hopped out to join their fellow, and a ghoul 
glibbered softly at Carter that their absence of battle-scars was a bad sign. It 
proved that theY had not fought the Gug sentry at all, but had merely slipped 
past him as he slept, so that their strength and savagery were still unimpaired 
and would remain so till they had found and disposed of a victim. It was very 
unpleasant to see those filthy and disproportioned animals which soon 
numbered about fifteen, grubbing about and making their kangaroo leaps in the 
grey twilight where titan towers and monoliths arose, but it was still more 
unpleasant when they spoke among themselves in the coughing gutturals of 
ghasts. And yet, horrible as they were, they were not so horrible as what 
presently came out of the cave after them with disconcerting suddenness. 

It was a paw, fully two feet and a half across, and equipped with formidable 
talons. Alter it came another paw, and after that a great black-furred arm to 
which both of the paws were attached by short forearms. Then two pink eyes 
shone, and the head of the awakened Gug sentry, large as a barrel, wabbled into 
view. The eyes jutted two inches from each side, shaded by bony protuberances 
overgrown with coarse hairs. But the head was chiefly terrible because of the 
mouth. That mouth had great yellow fangs and ran from the top to the bottom of 
the head, opening vertically instead of horizontally. 

But before that unfortunate Gug could emerge from the cave and rise to his full 
twenty feet, the vindictive ghasts were upon him. Carter feared for a moment 
that he would give an alarm and arouse all his kin, till a ghoul softly glibbered 
that Gugs have no voice but talk by means of facial expression. The battle which 
then ensued was truly a frightful one. From all sides the venomous ghasts 
rushed feverishly at the creeping Gug, nipping and tearing with their muzzles, 
and mauling murderously with their hard pointed hooves. All the time they 
coughed excitedly, screaming when the great vertical mouth of the Gug would 
occasionally bite into one of their number, so that the noise of the combat would 
surely have aroused the sleeping city had not the weakening of the sentry begun 
to transfer the action farther and farther within the cavern. As it was, the tumult 
soon receded altogether from sight in the blackness, with only occasional evil 
echoes to mark its continuance. 



464 



Then the most alert of the ghouls gave the signal for all to advance, and Carter 
followed the loping three out of the forest of monoliths and into the dark 
noisome streets of that awful city whose rounded towers of cyclopean stone 
soared up beyond the sight. Silently they shambled over that rough rock 
pavement, hearing with disgust the abominable muffled snortings from great 
black doorways which marked the slumber of the Gugs. Apprehensive of the 
ending of the rest hour, the ghouls set a somewhat rapid pace; but even so the 
journey was no brief one, for distances in that town of giants are on a great scale. 
At last, however, they came to a somewhat open space before a tower even 
vaster than the rest; above whose colossal doorway was fixed a monstrous 
symbol in bas-relief which made one shudder without knowing its meaning. 
This was the central tower with the sign of Koth, and those huge stone steps just 
visible through the dusk within were the beginning of the great flight leading to 
upper dreamland and the enchanted wood. 

There now began a climb of interminable length in utter blackness: made almost 
impossible by the monstrous size of the steps, which were fashioned for Gugs, 
and were therefore nearly a yard high. Of their number Carter could form no just 
estimate, for he soon became so worn out that the tireless and elastic ghouls were 
forced to aid him. All through the endless climb there lurked the peril of 
detection and pursuit; for though no Gug dares lift the stone door to the forest 
because of the Great One's curse, there are no such restraints concerning the 
tower and the steps, and escaped ghasts are often chased, even to the very top. 
So sharp are the ears of Gugs, that the bare feet and hands of the climbers might 
readily be heard when the city awoke; and it would of course take but little time 
for the striding giants, accustomed from their ghast-hunts in the vaults of Zin to 
seeing without light, to overtake their smaller and slower quarry on those 
cyclopean steps. It was very depressing to reflect that the silent pursuing Gugs 
would not be heard at all, but would come very suddenly and shockingly in the 
dark upon the climbers. Nor could the traditional fear of Gugs for ghouls be 
depended upon in that peculiar place where the advantages lay so heavily with 
the Gugs. There was also some peril from the furtive and venomous ghasts, 
which frequently hopped up onto the tower during the sleep hour of the Gugs. If 
the Gugs slept long, and the ghasts returned soon from their deed in the cavern, 
the scent of the climbers might easily be picked up by those loathsome and ill- 
disposed things; in which case it would almost be better to be eaten by a Gug. 

Then, after aeons of climbing, there came a cough from the darkness above; and 
matters assumed a very grave and unexpected turn. 

It was clear that a ghast, or perhaps even more, had strayed into that tower 
before the coming of Carter and his guides; and it was equally clear that this peril 
was very close. Alter a breathless second the leading ghoul pushed Carter to the 



465 



wall and arranged his kinfolk in the best possible way, with the old slate 
tombstone raised for a crushing blow whenever the enemy might come in sight. 
Ghouls can see in the dark, so the party was not as badly off as Carter would 
have been alone. In another moment the clatter of hooves revealed the 
downward hopping of at least one beast, and the slab-bearing ghouls poised 
their weapon for a desperate blow. Presently two yellowish-red eyes flashed into 
view, and the panting of the ghast became audible above its clattering. As it 
hopped down to the step above the ghouls, they wielded the ancient gravestone 
with prodigious force, so that there was only a wheeze and a choking before the 
victim collapsed in a noxious heap. There seemed to be only this one animal, and 
after a moment of listening the ghouls tapped Carter as a signal to proceed again. 
As before, they were obliged to aid him; and he was glad to leave that place of 
carnage where the ghast's uncouth remains sprawled invisible in the blackness. 

At last the ghouls brought their companion to a halt; and feeling above him. 
Carter realised that the great stone trap door was reached at last. To open so vast 
a thing completely was not to be thought of, but the ghouls hoped to get it up 
just enough to slip the gravestone under as a prop, and permit Carter to escape 
through the crack. They themselves planned to descend again and return 
through the city of the Gugs, since their elusiveness was great, and they did not 
know the way overland to spectral Sarkomand with its lion-guarded gate to the 
abyss. 

Mighty was the straining of those three ghouls at the stone of the door above 
them, and Carter helped push with as much strength as he had. They judged the 
edge next the top of the staircase to be the right one, and to this they bent all the 
force of their disreputably nourished muscles. Alter a few moments a crack of 
light appeared; and Carter, to whom that task had been entrusted, slipped the 
end of the old gravestone in the aperture. There now ensued a mighty heaving; 
but progress was very slow, and they had of course to return to their first 
position every time they failed to turn the slab and prop the portal open. 

Suddenly their desperation was magnified a thousand fold by a sound on the 
steps below them. It was only the thumping and rattling of the slain ghast's 
hooved body as it rolled down to lower levels; but of all the possible causes of 
that body's dislodgement and rolling, none was in the least reassuring. 
Therefore, knowing the ways of Gugs, the ghouls set to with something of a 
frenzy; and in a surprisingly short time had the door so high that they were able 
to hold it still whilst Carter turned the slab and left a generous opening. They 
now helped Carter through, letting him climb up to their rubbery shoulders and 
later guiding his feet as he clutched at the blessed soil of the upper dreamland 
outside. Another second and they were through themselves, knocking away the 
gravestone and closing the great trap door while a panting became audible 



466 



beneath. Because of the Great One's curse no Gug might ever emerge from that 
portal, so with a deep rehef and sense of repose Carter lay quietly on the thick 
grotesque fungi of the enchanted wood while his guides squatted near in the 
manner that ghouls rest. 

Weird as was that enchanted wood through which he had fared so long ago, it 
was verily a haven and a delight after those gulfs he had now left behind. There 
was no living denizen about, for Zoogs shun the mysterious door in fear and 
Carter at once consulted with his ghouls about their future course. To return 
through the tower they no longer dared, and the waking world did not appeal to 
them when they learned that they must pass the priests Nasht and Kaman-Thah 
in the cavern of flame. So at length they decided to return through Sarkomand 
and its gate of the abyss, though of how to get there they knew nothing. Carter 
recalled that it lies in the valley below Leng, and recalled likewise that he had 
seen in Dylath-Leen a sinister, slant-eyed old merchant reputed to trade on Leng, 
therefore he advised the ghouls to seek out Dylath-Leen, crossing the fields to 
Nir and the Skai and following the river to its mouth. This they at once resolved 
to do, and lost no time in loping off, since the thickening of the dusk promised a 
full night ahead for travel. And Carter shook the paws of those repulsive beasts, 
thanking them for their help and sending his gratitude to the beast which once 
was Pickman; but could not help sighing with pleasure when they left. For a 
ghoul is a ghoul, and at best an unpleasant companion for man. After that Carter 
sought a forest pool and cleansed himself of the mud of nether earth, thereupon 
reassuming the clothes he had so carefully carried. 

It was now night in that redoubtable wood of monstrous trees, but because of the 
phosphorescence one might travel as well as by day; wherefore Carter set out 
upon the well-known route toward Celephais, in Ooth-Nargai beyond the 
Tanarian Hills. And as he went he thought of the zebra he had left tethered to an 
ash-tree on Ngranek in far-away Oriab so many aeons ago, and wondered if any 
lava-gatherers had fed and released it. And he wondered, too, if he would ever 
return to Bahama and pay for the zebra that was slain by night in those ancient 
ruins by Yath's shore, and if the old tavernkeeper would remember him. Such 
were the thoughts that came to him in the air of the regained upper dreamland. 

But presently his progress was halted by a sound from a very large hollow tree. 
He had avoided the great circle of stones, since he did not care to speak with 
Zoogs just now; but it appeared from the singular fluttering in that huge tree that 
important councils were in session elsewhere. Upon drawing nearer he made out 
the accents of a tense and heated discussion; and before long became conscious 
of matters which he viewed with the greatest concern. For a war on the cats was 
under debate in that sovereign assembly of Zoogs. It all came from the loss of the 
party which had sneaked after Carter to Ulthar, and which the cats had justly 



467 



punished for unsuitable intentions. The matter had long rankled; and now, or at 
least within a month, the marshalled Zoogs were about to strike the whole feline 
tribe in a series of surprise attacks, taking individual cats or groups of cats 
unawares, and giving not even the myriad cats of Ulthar a proper chance to drill 
and mobilise. This was the plan of the Zoogs, and Carter saw that he must foil it 
before leaving upon his mighty quest. 

Very quietly therefore did Randolph Carter steal to the edge of the wood and 
send the cry of the cat over the starlit fields. And a great grimalkin in a nearby 
cottage took up the burden and relayed it across leagues of rolling meadow to 
warriors large and small, black, grey, tiger, white, yellow, and mixed, and it 
echoed through Nir and beyond the Skai even into Ulthar, and Ulthar's 
numerous cats called in chorus and fell into a line of march. It was fortunate that 
the moon was not up, so that all the cats were on earth. Swiftly and silently 
leaping, they sprang from every hearth and housetop and poured in a great furry 
sea across the plains to the edge of the wood. Carter was there to greet them, and 
the sight of shapely, wholesome cats was indeed good for his eyes after the 
things he had seen and walked with in the abyss. He was glad to see his 
venerable friend and one-time rescuer at the head of Ulthar's detachment, a 
collar of rank around his sleek neck, and whiskers bristling at a martial angle. 
Better still, as a sub-lieutenant in that army was a brisk young fellow who proved 
to be none other than the very little kitten at the inn to whom Carter had given a 
saucer of rich cream on that long-vanished morning in Ulthar. He was a 
strapping and promising cat now, and purred as he shook hands with his friend. 
His grandfather said he was doing very well in the army, and that he might well 
expect a captaincy after one more campaign. 

Carter now outlined the peril of the cat tribe, and was rewarded by deep- 
throated purrs of gratitude from all sides. Consulting with the generals, he 
prepared a plan of instant action which involved marching at once upon the 
Zoog council and other known strongholds of Zoogs; forestalling their surprise 
attacks and forcing them to terms before the mobilization of their army of 
invasion. Thereupon without a moment's loss that great ocean of cats flooded the 
enchanted wood and surged around the council tree and the great stone circle. 
Flutterings rose to panic pitch as the enemy saw the newcomers and there was 
very little resistance among the furtive and curious brown Zoogs. They saw that 
they were beaten in advance, and turned from thoughts of vengeance to 
thoughts of present self-preservation. 

Half the cats now seated themselves in a circular formation with the captured 
Zoogs in the centre, leaving open a lane down which were marched the 
additional captives rounded up by the other cats in other parts of the wood. 
Terms were discussed at length. Carter acting as interpreter, and it was decided 



468 



that the Zoogs might remain a free tribe on condition of rendering to the cats a 
large tribute of grouse, quail, and pheasants from the less fabulous parts of the 
forest. Twelve young Zoogs of noble families were taken as hostages to be kept 
in the Temple of Cats at Ulthar, and the victors made it plain that any 
disappearances of cats on the borders of the Zoog domain would be followed by 
consequences highly disastrous to Zoogs. These matters disposed of, the 
assembled cats broke ranks and permitted the Zoogs to slink off one by one to 
their respective homes, which they hastened to do with many a sullen backward 
glance. 

The old cat general now offered Carter an escort through the forest to whatever 
border he wished to reach, deeming it likely that the Zoogs would harbour dire 
resentment against him for the frustration of their warlike enterprise. This offer 
he welcomed with gratitude; not only for the safety it afforded, but because he 
liked the graceful companionship of cats. So in the midst of a pleasant and 
playful regiment, relaxed after the successful performance of its duty, Randolph 
Carter walked with dignity through that enchanted and phosphorescent wood of 
titan trees, talking of his quest with the old general and his grandson whilst 
others of the band indulged in fantastic gambols or chased fallen leaves that the 
wind drove among the fungi of that primeval floor. And the old cat said that he 
had heard much of unknown Kadath in the cold waste, but did not know where 
it was. As for the marvellous sunset city, he had not even heard of that, but 
would gladly relay to Carter anything he might later learn. 

He gave the seeker some passwords of great value among the cats of dreamland, 
and commended him especially to the old chief of the cats in Celephais, whither 
he was bound. That old cat, already slightly known to Carter, was a dignified 
maltese; and would prove highly influential in any transaction. It was dawn 
when they came to the proper edge of the wood, and Carter bade his friends a 
reluctant farewell. The young sub-lieutenant he had met as a small kitten would 
have followed him had not the old general forbidden it, but that austere 
patriarch insisted that the path of duty lay with the tribe and the army. So Carter 
set out alone over the golden fields that stretched mysterious beside a willow- 
fringed river, and the cats went back into the wood. 

Well did the traveller know those garden lands that lie betwixt the wood of the 
Cerenerian Sea, and blithely did he follow the singing river Oukianos that 
marked his course. The sun rose higher over gentle slopes of grove and lawn, 
and heightened the colours of the thousand flowers that starred each knoll and 
dangle. A blessed haze lies upon all this region, wherein is held a little more of 
the sunlight than other places hold, and a little more of the summer's humming 
music of birds and bees; so that men walk through it as through a faery place, 
and feel greater joy and wonder than they ever afterward remember. 



469 



By noon Carter reached the jasper terraces of Kiran which slope down to the 
river's edge and bear that temple of loveliness wherein the King of Ilek-Vad 
comes from his far realm on the twilight sea once a year in a golden palanqnin to 
pray to the god of Oukianos, who sang to him in youth when he dwelt in a 
cottage by its banks. All of jasper is that temple, and covering an acre of ground 
with its walls and courts, its seven pinnacled towers, and its inner shrine where 
the river enters through hidden channels and the god sings softly in the night. 
Many times the moon hears strange music as it shines on those courts and 
terraces and pinnacles, but whether that music be the song of the god or the 
chant of the cryptical priests, none but the King of Ilek-Vad may say; for only he 
had entered the temple or seen the priests. Now, in the drowsiness of day, that 
carven and delicate fane was silent, and Carter heard only the murmur of the 
great stream and the hum of the birds and bees as he walked onward under the 
enchanted sun. 

All that afternoon the pilgrim wandered on through perfumed meadows and in 
the lee of gentle riverward hills bearing peaceful thatched cottages and the 
shrines of amiable gods carven from jasper or chrysoberyl. Sometimes he walked 
close to the bank of Oukianos and whistled to the sprightly and iridescent fish of 
that crystal stream, and at other times he paused amidst the whispering rushes 
and gazed at the great dark wood on the farther side, whose trees came down 
clear to the water's edge. In former dreams he had seen quaint lumbering 
buopoths come shyly out of that wood to drink, but now he could not glimpse 
any. Once in a while he paused to watch a carnivorous fish catch a fishing bird, 
which it lured to the water by showing its tempting scales in the sun, and 
grasped by the beak with its enormous mouth as the winged hunter sought to 
dart down upon it. 

Toward evening he mounted a low grassy rise and saw before him flaming in the 
sunset the thousand gilded spires of Thran. Lofty beyond belief are the alabaster 
walls of that incredible city, sloping inward toward the top and wrought in one 
solid piece by what means no man knows, for they are more ancient than 
memory. Yet lofty as they are with their hundred gates and two hundred turrets, 
the clustered towers within, all white beneath their golden spires, are loftier still; 
so that men on the plain around see them soaring into the sky, sometimes 
shining clear, sometimes caught at the top in tangles of cloud and mist, and 
sometimes clouded lower down with their utmost pinnacles blazing free above 
the vapours. And where Thran's gates open on the river are great wharves of 
marble, with ornate galleons of fragrant cedar and calamander riding gently at 
anchor, and strange bearded sailors sitting on casks and bales with the 
hieroglyphs of far places. Landward beyond the walls lies the farm country, 
where small white cottages dream between little hills, and narrow roads with 
many stone bridges wind gracefully among streams and gardens. 



470 



Down through this verdant land Carter walked at evening, and saw twilight 
float up from the river to the marvellous golden spires of Thran. And just at the 
hour of dusk he came to the southern gate, and was stopped by a red-robed 
sentry till he had told three dreams beyond belief, and proved himself a dreamer 
worthy to walk up Thran's steep mysterious streets and linger in the bazaars 
where the wares of the ornate galleons were sold. Then into that incredible city 
he walked; through a wall so thick that the gate was a tunnel, and thereafter 
amidst curved and undulant ways winding deep and narrow between the 
heavenward towers. Lights shone through grated and balconied windows, 
and,the sound of lutes and pipes stole timid from inner courts where marble 
fountains bubbled. Carter knew his way, and edged down through darker streets 
to the river, where at an old sea tavern he found the captains and seamen he had 
known in myriad other dreams. There he bought his passage to Celephais on a 
great green galleon, and there he stopped for the night after speaking gravely to 
the venerable cat of that inn, who blinked dozing before an enormous hearth and 
dreamed of old wars and forgotten gods. 

In the morning Carter boarded the galleon bound for Celephais, and sat in the 
prow as the ropes were cast off and the long sail down to the Cerenerian Sea 
begun. For many leagues the banks were much as they were above Thran, with 
now and then a curious temple rising on the farther hills toward the right, and a 
drowsy village on the shore, with steep red roofs and nets spread in the sun. 
Mindful of his search. Carter questioned all the mariners closely about those 
whom they had met in the taverns of Celephais, asking the names and ways of 
the strange men with long, narrow eyes, long-lobed ears, thin noses, and pointed 
chins who came in dark ships from the north and traded onyx for the carved jade 
and spun gold and little red singing birds of Celephais. Of these men the sailors 
knew not much, save that they talked but seldom and spread a kind of awe 
about them. 

Their land, very far away, was called Inquanok, and not many people cared to go 
thither because it was a cold twilight land, and said to be close to unpleasant 
Leng; although high impassable mountains towered on the side where Leng was 
thought to lie, so that none might say whether this evil plateau with its horrible 
stone villages and unmentionable monastery were really there, or whether the 
rumour were only a fear that timid people felt in the night when those 
formidable barrier peaks loomed black against a rising moon. Certainly, men 
reached Leng from very different oceans. Of other boundaries of Inquanok those 
sailors had no notion, nor had they heard of the cold waste and unknown Kadath 
save from vague unplaced report. And of the marvellous sunset city which 
Carter sought they knew nothing at all. So the traveller asked no more of far 
things, but bided his time till he might talk with those strange men from cold and 



471 



twilight Inquanok who are the seed of such gods as carved their features on 
Ngranek. 

Late in the day the galleon reached those bends of the river which traverse the 
perfumed jungles of Kied. Here Carter wished he might disembark, for in those 
tropic tangles sleep wondrous palaces of ivory, lone and unbroken, where once 
dwelt fabulous monarchs of a land whose name is forgotten. Spells of the Elder 
Ones keep those places unharmed and undecayed, for it is written that there may 
one day be need of them again; and elephant caravans have glimpsed them from 
afar by moonlight, though none dares approach them closely because of the 
guardians to which their wholeness is due. But the ship swept on, and dusk 
hushed the hum of the day, and the first stars above blinked answers to the early 
fireflies on the banks as that jungle fell far behind, leaving only its fragrance as a 
memory that it had been. And all through the night that galleon floated on past 
mysteries unseen and unsuspected. Once a lookout reported fires on the hills to 
the east, but the sleepy captain said they had better not be looked at too much, 
since it was highly uncertain just who or what had lit them. 

In the morning the river had broadened out greatly, and Carter saw by the 
houses along the banks that they were close to the vast trading city of Hlanith on 
the Cerenerian Sea. Here the walls are of rugged granite, and the houses 
peakedly fantastic with beamed and plastered gables. The men of Hlanith are 
more like those of the waking world than any others in dreamland; so that the 
city is not sought except for barter, but is prized for the solid work of its artisans. 
The wharves of Hlanith are of oak, and there the galleon made fast while the 
captain traded in the taverns. Carter also went ashore, and looked curiously 
upon the rutted streets where wooden ox carts lumbered and feverish merchants 
cried their wares vacuously in the bazaars. The sea taverns were all close to the 
wharves on cobbled lanes salted with the spray of high tides, and seemed 
exceedingly ancient with their low black-beamed ceilings and casements of 
greenish bull's-eye panes. Ancient sailors in those taverns talked much of distant 
ports, and told many stories of the curious men from twilight Inquanok, but had 
little to add to what the seamen of the galleon had told. Then at last, after much 
unloading and loading, the ship set sail once more over the sunset sea, and the 
high walls and gables of Hlanith grew less as the last golden light of day lent 
them a wonder and beauty beyond any that men had given them. 

Two nights and two days the galleon sailed over the Cerenerian Sea, sighting no 
land and speaking but one other vessel. Then near sunset of the second day there 
loomed up ahead the snowy peak of Aran with its gingko-trees swaying on the 
lower slope, and Carter knew that they were come to the land of Ooth-Nargai 
and the marvellous city of Celephais. Swiftly there came into sight the glittering 
minarets of that fabulous town, and the untarnished marble walls with their 



472 



bronze statues, and the great stone bridge where Naraxa joins the sea. Then rose 
the gentle hills behind the town, with their groves and gardens of asphodels and 
the small shrines and cottages upon them; and far in the background the purple 
ridge of the Tanarians, potent and mystical, behind which lay forbidden ways 
into the waking world and toward other regions of dream. 

The harbour was full of painted galleys, some of which were from the marble 
cloud-city of Serannian, that lies in ethereal space beyond where the sea meets 
the sky, and some of which were from more substantial parts of dreamland. 
Among these the steersman threaded his way up to the spice-fragrant wharves, 
where the galleon made fast in the dusk as the city's million lights began to 
twinkle out over the water. Ever new seemed this deathless city of vision, for 
here time has no power to tarnish or destroy. As it has always been is still the 
turquoise of Nath-Horthath, and the eighty orchid-wreathed priests are the same 
who builded it ten thousand years ago. Shining still is the bronze of the great 
gates, nor are the onyx pavements ever worn or broken. And the great bronze 
statues on the walls look down on merchants and camel drivers older than fable, 
yet without one grey hair in their forked beards. 

Carter did not once seek out the temple or the palace or the citadel, but stayed by 
the seaward wall among traders and sailors. And when it was too late for 
rumours and legends he sought out an ancient tavern he knew well, and rested 
with dreams of the gods on unknown Kadath whom he sought. The next day he 
searched all along the quays for some of the strange mariners of Inquanok, but 
was told that none were now in port, their galley not being due from the north 
for full two weeks. He found, however, one Thorabonian sailor who had been to 
Inquanok and had worked in the onyx quarries of that twilight place; and this 
sailor said there was certainly a descent to the north of the peopled region, which 
everybody seemed to fear and shun. The Thorabonian opined that this desert led 
around the utmost rim of impassable peaks into Leng's horrible plateau, and that 
this was why men feared it; though he admitted there were other vague tales of 
evil presences and nameless sentinels. Whether or not this could be the fabled 
waste wherein unknown Kadath stands he did not know; but it seemed unlikely 
that those presences and sentinels, if indeed they existed, were stationed for 
nought. 

On the following day Carter walked up the Street of the Pillars to the turquoise 
temple and talked with the High-Priest. Though Nath-Horthath is chiefly 
worshipped in Celephais, all the Great Ones are mentioned in diurnal prayers; 
and the priest was reasonably versed in their moods. Like Atal in distant Ulthar, 
he strongly advised against any attempts to see them; declaring that they are 
testy and capricious, and subject to strange protection from the mindless Other 
Gods from Outside, whose soul and messenger is the crawling chaos 



473 



Nyarlathotep. Their jealous hiding of the marvellous sunset city shewed clearly 
that they did not wish Carter to reach it, and it was doubtful how they would 
regard a guest whose object was to see them and plead before them. No man had 
ever found Kadath in the past, and it might be just as well if none ever found it in 
the future. Such rumours as were told about that onyx castle of the Great Ones 
were not by any means reassuring. 

Having thanked the orchid-crowned High-Priest, Carter left the temple and 
sought out the bazaar of the sheep-butchers, where the old chief of Celephais' 
cats dwelt sleek and contented. That grey and dignified being was sunning 
himself on the onyx pavement, and extended a languid paw as his caller 
approached. But when Carter repeated the passwords and introductions 
furnished him by the old cat general of Ulthar, the furry patriarch became very 
cordial and communicative; and told much of the secret lore known to cats on 
the seaward slopes of Ooth-Nargai. Best of all, he repeated several things told 
him furtively by the timid waterfront cats of Celephais about the men of 
Inquanok, on whose dark ships no cat will go. 

It seems that these men have an aura not of earth about them, though that is not 
the reason why no cat will sail on their ships. The reason for this is that Inquanok 
holds shadows which no cat can endure, so that in all that cold twilight realm 
there is never a cheering purr or a homely mew. Whether it be because of things 
wafted over the impassable peaks from hypothetical Leng, or because of things 
filtering down from the chilly desert to the north, none may say; but it remains a 
fact that in that far land there broods a hint of outer space which cats do not like, 
and to which they are more sensitive than men. Therefore they will not go on the 
dark ships that seek the basalt quays of Inquanok. 

The old chief of the cats also told him where to find his friend King Kuranes, 
who in Carter's latter dreams had reigned alternately in the rose-crystal Palace of 
the Seventy Delights at Celephais and in the turreted cloud-castle of sky-floating 
Serannian. It seemed that he could no more find content in those places, but had 
formed a mighty longing for the English cliffs and downlands of his boyhood; 
where in little dreaming villages England's old songs hover at evening behind 
lattice windows, and where grey church towers peep lovely through the verdure 
of distant valleys. He could not go back to these things in the waking world 
because his body was dead; but he had done the next best thing and dreamed a 
small tract of such countryside in the region east of the city where meadows roll 
gracefully up from the sea-cliffs to the foot of the Tanarian Hills. There he dwelt 
in a grey Gothic manor-house of stone looking on the sea, and tried to think it 
was ancient Trevor Towers, where he was born and where thirteen generations 
of his forefathers had first seen the light. And on the coast nearby he had built a 
little Cornish fishing village with steep cobbled ways, settling therein such 



474 



people as had the most Enghsh faces, and seeking ever to teach them the dear 
remembered accents of old Cornwall fishers. And in a valley not far off he had 
reared a great Norman Abbey whose tower he could see from his window, 
placing around it in the churchyard grey stones with the names of his ancestors 
carved thereon, and with a moss somewhat like Old England's moss. For though 
Kuranes was a monarch in the land of dream, with all imagined pomps and 
marvels, splendours and beauties, ecstasies and delights, novelties and 
excitements at his command, he would gladly have resigned forever the whole of 
his power and luxury and freedom for one blessed day as a simple boy in that 
pure and quiet England, that ancient, beloved England which had moulded his 
being and of which he must always be immutably a part. 

So when Carter bade that old grey chief of the cats adieu, he did not seek the 
terraced palace of rose crystal but walked out the eastern gate and across the 
daisied fields toward a peaked gable which he glimpsed through the oaks of a 
park sloping up to the sea-cliffs. And in time he came to a great hedge and a gate 
with a little brick lodge, and when he rang the bell there hobbled to admit him 
no robed and annointed lackey of the palace, but a small stubby old man in a 
smock who spoke as best he could in the quaint tones of far Cornwall. And 
Carter walked up the shady path between trees as near as possible to England's 
trees, and clumbed the terraces among gardens set out as in Queen Anne's time. 
At the door, flanked by stone cats in the old way, he was met by a whiskered 
butler in suitable livery; and was presently taken to the library where Kuranes, 
Lord of Ooth-Nargai and the Sky around Serannian, sat pensive in a chair by the 
window looking on his little seacoast village and wishing that his old nurse 
would come in and scold him because he was not ready for that hateful lawn- 
party at the vicar's, with the carriage waiting and his mother nearly out of 
patience. 

Kuranes, clad in a dressing gown of the sort favoured by London tailors in his 
youth, rose eagerly to meet his guest; for the sight of an Anglo-Saxon from the 
waking world was very dear to him, even if it was a Saxon from Boston, 
Massachusetts, instead of from Cornwall. And for long they talked of old times, 
having much to say because both were old dreamers and well versed in the 
wonders of incredible places. Kuranes, indeed, had been out beyond the stars in 
the ultimate void, and was said to be the only one who had ever returned sane 
from such a voyage. 

At length Carter brought up the subject of his quest, and asked of his host those 
questions he had asked of so many others. Kuranes did not know where Kadath 
was, or the marvellous sunset city; but he did know that the Great Ones were 
very dangerous creatures to seek out, and that the Other Gods had strange ways 
of protecting them from impertinent curiosity. He had learned much of the Other 



475 



Gods in distant parts of space, especially in that region where form does not 
exist, and coloured gases study the innermost secrets. The violet gas S'ngac had 
told him terrible things of the crawling chaos Nyarlathotep, and had warned him 
never to approach the central void where the daemon sultan Azathoth gnaws 
hungrily in the dark. 

Altogether, it was not well to meddle with the Elder Ones; and if they 
persistently denied all access to the marvellous sunset city, it were better not to 
seek that city. 

Kuranes furthermore doubted whether his guest would profit aught by coming 
to the city even were he to gain it. He himself had dreamed and yearned long 
years for lovely Celephais and the land of Ooth-Nargai, and for the freedom and 
colour and high experience of life devoid of its chains, and conventions, and 
stupidities. But now that he was come into that city and that land, and was the 
king thereof, he found the freedom and the vividness all too soon worn out, and 
monotonous for want of linkage with anything firm in his feelings and 
memories. He was a king in Ooth-Nargai, but found no meaning therein, and 
drooped always for the old familiar things of England that had shaped his youth. 
All his kingdom would he give for the sound of Cornish church bells over the 
downs, and all the thousand minarets of Celephais for the steep homely roofs of 
the village near his home. So he told his guest that the unknown sunset city 
might not hold quite that content he sought, and that perhaps it had better 
remain a glorious and half-remembered dream. For he had visited Carter often in 
the old waking days, and knew well the lovely New England slopes that had 
given him birth. 

At the last, he was very certain, the seeker would long only for the early 
remembered scenes; the glow of Beacon Hill at evening, the tall steeples and 
winding hill streets of quaint Kingsport, the hoary gambrel roofs of ancient and 
witch-haunted Arkham, and the blessed meads and valleys where stone walls 
rambled and white farmhouse gables peeped out from bowers of verdure. These 
things he told Randolph Carter, but still the seeker held to his purpose. And in 
the end they parted each with his own conviction, and Carter went back through 
the bronze gate into Celephais and down the Street of Pillars to the old sea wall, 
where he talked more with the mariners of far ports and waited for the dark ship 
from cold and twilight Inquanok, whose strange-faced sailors and onyx-traders 
had in them the blood of the Great Ones. 

One starlit evening when the Pharos shone splendid over the harbour the 
longed-for ship put in, and strange-faced sailors and traders appeared one by 
one and group by group in the ancient taverns along the sea wall. It was very 
exciting to see again those living faces so like the godlike features of Ngranek, 



476 



but Carter did not hasten to speak with the silent seamen. He did not know how 
much of pride and secrecy and dim supernal memory might fill those children of 
the Great Ones, and was sure it would not be wise to tell them of his quest or ask 
too closely of that cold desert stretching north of their twilight land. They talked 
little with the other folk in those ancient sea taverns; but would gather in groups 
in remote comers and sing among themselves the haunting airs of unknown 
places, or chant long tales to one another in accents alien to the rest of 
dreamland. And so rare and moving were those airs and tales that one might 
guess their wonders from the faces of those who listened, even though the words 
came to common ears only as strange cadence and obscure melody. 

For a week the strange seamen lingered in the taverns and traded in the bazaars 
of Celephais, and before they sailed Carter had taken passage on their dark ship, 
telling them that he was an old onyx miner and wishful to work in their quarries. 
That ship was very lovey and cunningly wrought, being of teakwood with ebony 
fittings and traceries of gold, and the cabin in which the traveller lodged had 
hangings of silk and velvet. One morning at the turn of the tide the sails were 
raised and the anchor lilted, and as Carter stood on the high stern he saw the 
sunrise-blazing walls and bronze statues and golden minarets of ageless 
Celephais sink into the distance, and the snowy peak of Mount Man grow 
smaller and smaller. By noon there was nothing in sight save the gentle blue of 
the Cerenerian Sea, with one painted galley afar off bound for that realm of 
Serannian where the sea meets the sky. 

And the night came with gorgeous stars, and the dark ship steered for Charles' 
Wain and the Little Bear as they swung slowly round the pole. And the sailors 
sang strange songs of unknown places, and they stole off one by one to the 
forecastle while the wistful watchers murmured old chants and leaned over the 
rail to glimpse the luminous fish playing in bowers beneath the sea. Carter went 
to sleep at midnight, and rose in the glow of a young morning, marking that the 
sun seemed farther south than was its wont. And all through that second day he 
made progress in knowing the men of the ship, getting them little by little to talk 
of their cold twilight land, of their exquisite onyx city, and of their fear of the 
high and impassable peaks beyond which Leng was said to be. They told him 
how sorry they were that no cats would stay in the land of Inquanok, and how 
they thought the hidden nearness of Leng was to blame for it. Only of the stony 
desert to the north they would not talk. There was something disquieting about 
that desert, and it was thought expedient not to admit its existence. 

On later days they talked of the quarries in which Carter said he was going to 
work. There were many of them, for all the city of Inquanok was builded of 
onyx, whilst great polished blocks of it were traded in Rinar, Ogrothan, and 
Celephais and at home with the merchants of Thraa, Flarnek, and Kadatheron, 



477 



for the beautiful wares of those fabulous ports. And far to the north, almost in 
the cold desert whose existence the men of Inquanok did not care to admit, there 
was an unused quarry greater than all the rest; from which had been hewn in 
forgotten times such prodigious lumps and blocks that the sight of their chiselled 
vacancies struck terror to all who beheld. Who had mined those incredible 
blocks, and whither they had been transported, no man might say; but it was 
thought best not to trouble that quarry, around which such inhuman memories 
might conceivably cling. So it was left all alone in the twilight, with only the 
raven and the rumoured Shantak-bird to brood on its immensities, when Carter 
heard of this quarry he was moved to deep thought, for he knew from old tales 
that the Great Ones' castle atop unknown Kadath is of onyx. 

Each day the sun wheeled lower and lower in the sky, and the mists overhead 
grew thicker and thicker. And in two weeks there was not any sunlight at all, but 
only a weird grey twilight shining through a dome of eternal cloud by day, and a 
cold starless phosphorescence from the under side of that cloud by night. On the 
twentieth day a great jagged rock in the sea was sighted from afar, the first land 
glimpsed since Man's snowy peak had dwindled behind the ship. Carter asked 
the captain the name of that rock, but was told that it had no name and had 
never been sought by any vessel because of the sounds that came from it at night. 
And when, after dark, a dull and ceaseless howling arose from that jagged 
granite place, the traveller was glad that no stop had been made, and that the 
rock had no name. The seamen prayed and chanted till the noise was out of 
earshot, and Carter dreamed terrible dreams within dreams in the small hours. 

Two mornings after that there loomed far ahead and to the east a line of great 
grey peaks whose tops were lost in the changeless clouds of that twilight world. 
And at the sight of them the sailors sang glad songs, and some knelt down on the 
deck to pray, so that Carter knew they were come to the land of Inquanok and 
would soon be moored to the basalt quays of the great town bearing that land's 
name. Toward noon a dark coastline appeared, and before three o'clock there 
stood out against the north the bulbous domes and fantastic spires of the onyx 
city. Rare and curious did that archaic city rise above its walls and quays, all of 
delicate black with scrolls, flutings, and arabesques of inlaid gold. Tall and 
many-windowed were the houses, and carved on every side with flowers and 
patterns whose dark symmetries dazzled the eye with a beauty more poignant 
than light. Some ended in swelling domes that tapered to a point, others in 
terraced pyramids whereon rose clustered minarets displaying every phase of 
strangeness and imagination. The walls were low, and pierced by frequent gates, 
each under a great arch rising high above the general level and capped by the 
head of a god chiselled with that same skill displayed in the monstrous face on 
distant Ngranek. On a hill in the centre rose a sixteen-angled tower greater than 
all the rest and bearing a high pinnacled belfry resting on a flattened dome. This, 



478 



the seamen said, was the Temple of the Elder Ones, and was ruled by an old 
High-Priest sad with inner secrets. 

At intervals the clang of a strange bell shivered over the onyx city, answered 
each time by a peal of mystic music made up of horns, viols, and chanting voices. 
And from a row of tripods on a galley round the high dome of the temple there 
burst flares of flame at certain moments; for the priests and people of that city 
were wise in the primal mysteries, and faithful in keeping the rhythms of the 
Great Ones as set forth in scrolls older than the Pnakotic Manuscripts. As the 
ship rode past the great basalt breakwater into the harbour the lesser noises of 
the city grew manifest, and Carter saw the slaves, sailors, and merchants on the 
docks. The sailors and merchants were of the strange-faced race of the gods, but 
the slaves were squat, slant-eyed folk said by rumour to have drifted somehow 
across or around the impassable peaks from the valleys beyond Leng. The 
wharves reached wide outside the city wall and bore upon them all manner of 
merchandise from the galleys anchored there, while at one end were great piles 
of onyx both carved and uncarved awaiting shipment to the far markets of Rinar, 
Ograthan and Celephais. 

It was not yet evening when the dark ship anchored beside a jutting quay of 
stone, and all the sailors and traders filed ashore and through the arched gate 
into the city. The streets of that city were paved with onyx and some of them 
were wide and straight whilst others were crooked and narrow. The houses near 
the water were lower than the rest, and bore above their curiously arched 
doorways certain signs of gold said to be in honour of the respective small gods 
that favoured each. The captain of the ship took Carter to an old sea tavern 
where flocked the mariners of quaint countries, and promised that he would next 
day shew him the wonders of the twilight city, and lead him to the taverns of the 
onyx-miners by the northern wall. And evening fell, and little bronze lamps were 
lighted, and the sailors in that tavern sang songs of remote places. But when 
from its high tower the great bell shivered over the city, and the peal of the horns 
and viols and voices rose cryptical in answer thereto, all ceased their songs or 
tales and bowed silent till the. last echo died away. For there is a wonder and a 
strangeness on the twilight city of Inquanok, and men fear to be lax in its rites 
lest a doom and a vengeance lurk unsuspectedly close. 

Far in the shadows of that tavern Carter saw a squat form he did not like, for it 
was unmistakably that of the old slant-eyed merchant he had seen so long before 
in the taverns of Dylath-Leen, who was reputed to trade with the horrible stone 
villages of Leng which no healthy folk visit and whose evil fires are seen at night 
from afar, and even to have dealt with that High-Priest Not To Be Described, 
which wears a yellow silken mask over its face and dwells all alone in a 
prehistoric stone monastery. This man had seemed to shew a queer gleam of 



479 



knowing when Carter asked the traders of DylathLeen about the cold waste and 
Kadath; and somehow his presence in dark and haunted Inquanok, so close to 
the wonders of the north, was not a reassuring thing. He slipped wholly out of 
sight before Carter could speak to him, and sailors later said that he had come 
with a yak caravan from some point not well determined, bearing the colossal 
and rich-flavoured eggs of the rumoured Shantak-bird to trade for the dextrous 
jade goblets that merchants brought from Ilarnek. 

On the following morning the ship-captain led Carter through the onyx streets of 
Inquanok, dark under their twilight sky. The inlaid doors and figured house- 
fronts, carven balconies and crystal-paned oriels all gleamed with a sombre and 
polished loveliness; and now and then a plaza would open out with black pillars, 
colonades, and the statues of curious beings both human and fabulous. Some of 
the vistas down long and unbending streets, or through side alleys and over 
bulbous domes, spires, and arabesqued roofs, were weird and beautiful beyond 
words; and nothing was more splendid than the massive heights of the great 
central Temple of the Elder Ones with its sixteen carven sides, its flattened dome, 
and its lofty pinnacled belfry, overtopping all else, and majestic whatever its 
foreground. And always to the east, far beyond the city walls and the leagues of 
pasture land, rose the gaunt grey sides of those topless and impassable peaks 
across which hideous Leng was said to lie. 

The captain took Carter to the mighty temple, which is set with its walled garden 
in a great round plaza whence the streets go as spokes from a wheel's hub. The 
seven arched gates of that garden, each having over it a carven face like those on 
the city's gates, are always open, and the people roam reverently at will down 
the tiled paths and through the little lanes lined with grotesque termini and the 
shrines of modest gods. And there are fountains, pools, and basins there to 
reflect the frequent blaze of the tripods on the high balcony, all of onyx and 
having in them small luminous fish taken by divers from the lower bowers of 
ocean. When the deep clang from the temple belfry shivers over the garden and 
the city, and the answer of the horns and viols and voices peals out from the 
seven lodges by the garden gates, there issue from the seven doors of the temple 
long columns of masked and hooded priests in black, bearing at arm's length 
before them great golden bowls from which a curious steam rises. And all the 
seven columns strut peculiarly in single file, legs thrown far forward without 
bending the knees, down the walks that lead to the seven lodges, wherein they 
disappear and do not appear again. It is said that subterrene paths connect the 
lodges with the temple, and that the long files of priests return through them; nor 
is it unwhispered that deep flights of onyx steps go down to mysteries that are 
never told. But only a few are those who hint that the priests in the masked and 
hooded columns are not human beings. 



480 



Carter did not enter the temple, because none but the Veiled King is permitted to 
do that. But before he left the garden the hour of the bell came, and he heard the 
shivering clang deafening above him, and the wailing of the horns and viols and 
voices loud from the lodges by the gates. And down the seven great walks 
stalked the long files of bowl-bearing priests in their singular way, giving to the 
traveller a fear which human priests do not often give. When the last of them had 
vanished he left that garden, noting as he did so a spot on the pavement over 
which the bowls had passed. Even the ship-captain did not like that spot, and 
hurried him on toward the hill whereon the Veiled King's palace rises many- 
domed and marvellous. 

The ways to the onyx palace are steep and narrow, all but the broad curving one 
where the king and his companions ride on yaks or in yak-drawn chariots. Carter 
and his guide climbed up an alley that was all steps, between inlaid walls 
hearing strange signs in gold, and under balconies and oriels whence sometimes 
floated soft strains of music or breaths of exotic fragrance. Always ahead loomed 
those titan walls, mighty buttresses, and clustered and bulbous domes for which 
the Veiled King's palace is famous; and at length they passed under a great black 
arch and emerged in the gardens of the monarch's pleasure. There Carter paused 
in faintness at so much beauty, for the onyx terraces and colonnaded walks, the 
gay porterres and delicate flowering trees espaliered to golden lattices, the 
brazen urns and tripods with cunning bas-reliefs, the pedestalled and almost 
breathing statues of veined black marble, the basalt-bottomed lagoon's tiled 
fountains with luminous fish, the tiny temples of iridescent singing birds atop 
carven columns, the marvellous scrollwork of the great bronze gates, and the 
blossoming vines trained along every inch of the polished walls all joined to 
form a sight whose loveliness was beyond reality, and half-fabulous even in the 
land of dreams. There it shimmered like a vision under that grey twilight sky, 
with the domed and fretted magnificence of the palace ahead, and the fantastic 
silhouette of the distant impassable peaks on the right. And ever the small birds 
and the fountains sang, while the perfume of rare blossoms spread like a veil 
over that incredible garden. No other human presence was there, and Carter was 
glad it was so. Then they turned and descended again the onyx alley of steps, for 
the palace itself no visitor may enter; and it is not well to look too long and 
steadily at the great central dome, since it is said to house the archaic father of all 
the rumoured Shantak-birds, and to send out queer dreams to the curious. 

After that the captain took Carter to the north quarter of the town, near the Gate 
of the Caravans, where are the taverns of the yak-merchants and the onyx- 
miners. And there, in a low-ceiled inn of quarrymen, they said farewell; for 
business called the captain whilst Carter was eager to talk with miners about the 
north. There were many men in that inn, and the traveller was not long in 
speaking to some of them; saying that he was an old miner of onyx, and anxious 



481 



to know somewhat of Inquanok's quarries. But all that he learned was not much 
more than he knew before, for the miners were timid and evasive about the cold 
desert to the north and the quarry that no man visits. They had fears of fabled 
emissaries from around the mountains where Leng is said to lie, and of evil 
presences and nameless sentinels far north among the scattered rocks. And they 
whispered also that the rumoured Shantak-birds are no wholesome things; it 
being, indeed for the best that no man has ever truly seen one (for that fabled 
father of Shantaks in the king's dome is fed in the dark). 

The next day, saying that he wished to look over all the various mines for himself 
and to visit the scattered farms and quaint onyx villages of Inquanok, Carter 
hired a yak and stuffed great leathern saddle-bags for a journey. Beyond the Gate 
of the Caravans the road lay straight betwixt tilled fields, with many odd 
farmhouses crowned by low domes. At some of these houses the seeker stopped 
to ask questions; once finding a host so austere and reticent, and so full of an 
unplaced majesty like to that in the huge features on Ngranek, that he felt certain 
he had come at last upon one of the Great Ones themselves, or upon one with 
full nine-tenths of their blood, dwelling amongst men. And to that austere and 
reticent cotter he was careful to speak very well of the gods, and to praise all the 
blessings they had ever accorded him. 

That night Carter camped in a roadside meadow beneath a great lygath-tree to 
which he tied his yak, and in the morning resumed his northward pilgrimage. At 
about ten o'clock he reached the small-domed village of Urg, where traders rest 
and miners tell their tales, and paused in its taverns till noon. It is here that the 
great caravan road turns west toward Selarn, but Carter kept on north by the 
quarry road. All the afternoon he followed that rising road, which was somewhat 
narrower than the great highway, and which now led through a region with 
more rocks than tilled fields. And by evening the low hills on his left had risen 
into sizable black cliffs, so that he knew he was close to the mining country. All 
the while the great gaunt sides of the impassable mountains towered afar off at 
his right, and the farther he went, the worse tales he heard of them from the 
scattered farmers and traders and drivers of lumbering onyx-carts along the way. 

On the second night he camped in the shadow of a large black crag, tethering his 
yak to a stake driven in the ground. He observed the greater phosphorescence of 
the clouds at his northerly point, and more than once thought he saw dark 
shapes outlined against them. And on the third morning he came in sight of the 
first onyx quarry, and greeted the men who there laboured with picks and 
chisels. Before evening he had passed eleven quarries; the land being here given 
over altogether to onyx cliffs and boulders, with no vegetation at all, but only 
great rocky fragments scattered about a floor of black earth, with the grey 
impassable peaks always rising gaunt and sinister on his right. The third night he 



482 



spent in a camp of quarry men whose flickering fires cast weird reflections on the 
polished cliffs to the west. And they sang many songs and told many tales, 
shewing such strange knowledge of the olden days and the habits of gods that 
Carter could see they held many latent memories of their sires the Great Ones. 
They asked him whither he went, and cautioned him not to go too far to the 
north; but he replied that he was seeking new cliffs of onyx, and would take no 
more risks than were common among prospectors. In the morning he bade them 
adieu and rode on into the darkening north, where they had warned him he 
would find the feared and unvisited quarry whence hands older than men's 
hands had wrenched prodigious blocks. But he did not like it when, turning back 
to wave a last farewell, he thought he saw approaching the camp that squat and 
evasive old merchant with slanting eyes, whose conjectured traffick with Leng 
was the gossip of distant Dylath-Leen. 

After two more quarries the inhabited part of Inquanok seemed to end, and the 
road narrowed to a steeply rising yak-path among forbidding black cliffs. 
Always on the right towered the gaunt and distant peaks, and as Carter climbed 
farther and farther into this untraversed realm he found it grew darker and 
colder. Soon he perceived that there were no prints of feet or hooves on the black 
path beneath, and realised that he was indeed come into strange and deserted 
ways of elder time. Once in a while a raven would croak far overhead, and now 
and then a flapping behind some vast rock would make him think 
uncomfortably of the rumoured Shantak-bird. But in the main he was alone with 
his shaggy steed, and it troubled him to observe that this excellent yak became 
more and more reluctant to advance, and more and more disposed to snort 
affrightedly at any small noise along the route. 

The path now contracted between sable and glistening walls, and began to 
display an even greater steepness than before. It was a bad footing, and the yak 
often slipped on the stony fragments strewn thickly about. In two hours Carter 
saw ahead a definite crest, beyond which was nothing but dull grey sky, and 
blessed the prospect of a level or downward course. To reach this crest, however, 
was no easy task; for the way had grown nearly perpendicular, and was perilous 
with loose black gravel and small stones. Eventually Carter dismounted and led 
his dubious yak; pulling very hard when the animal balked or stumbled, and 
keeping his own footing as best he might. Then suddenly he came to the top and 
saw beyond, and gasped at what he saw. 

The path indeed led straight ahead and slightly down, with the same lines of 
high natural walls as before; but on the left hand there opened out a monstrous 
space, vast acres in extent, where some archaic power had riven and rent the 
native cliffs of onyx in the form of a giant's quarry. Far back into the solid 
precipice ran that Cyclopean gouge, and deep down within earth's bowels its 



483 



lower delvings yawned. It was no quarry of man, and the concave sides were 
scarred with great squares, yards wide, which told of the size of the blocks once 
hewn by nameless hands and chisels. High over its jagged rim huge ravens 
flapped and croaked, and vague whirrings in the unseen depths told of bats or 
urhags or less mentionable presences haunting the endless blackness. There 
Carter stood in the narrow way amidst the twilight with the rocky path sloping 
down before him; tall onyx cliffs on his right that led on as far as he could see 
and tall cliffs on the left chopped off just ahead to make that terrible and 
unearthly quarry. 

All at once the yak uttered a cry and burst from his control, leaping past him and 
darting on in a panic till it vanished down the narrow slope toward the north. 
Stones kicked by its flying hooves fell over the brink of the quarry and lost 
themselves in the dark without any sound of striking bottom; but Carter ignored 
the perils of that scanty path as he raced breathlessly after the flying steed. Soon 
the left-behind cliffs resumed their course, making the way once more a narrow 
lane; and still the traveller leaped on after the yak whose great wide prints told 
of its desperate flight. 

Once he thought he heard the hoofbeats of the frightened beast, and doubled his 
speed from this encouragement. He was covering miles, and little by little the 
way was broadening in front till he knew he must soon emerge on the cold and 
dreaded desert to the north. The gaunt grey flanks of the distant impassable 
peaks were again visible above the right-hand crags, and ahead were the rocks 
and boulders of an open space which was clearly a foretaste of the dark arid 
limitless plain. And once more those hoofbeats sounded in his ears, plainer than 
before, but this time giving terror instead of encouragement because he realised 
that they were not the frightened hoofbeats of his fleeing yak. The beats were 
ruthless and purposeful, and they were behind him. 

Carter's pursuit of the yak became now a flight from an unseen thing, for though 
he dared not glance over his shoulder he felt that the presence behind him could 
be nothing wholesome or mentionable. His yak must have heard or felt it first, 
and he did not like to ask himself whether it had followed him from the haunts 
of men or had floundered up out of that black quarry pit. Meanwhile the cliffs 
had been left behind, so that the oncoming night fell over a great waste of sand 
and spectral rocks wherein all paths were lost. He could not see the hoofprints of 
his yak, but always from behind him there came that detestable clopping; 
mingled now and then with what he fancied were titanic flappings and 
whirrings. That he was losing ground seemed unhappily clear to him, and he 
knew he was hopelessly lost in this broken and blasted desert of meaningless 
rocks and untravelled sands. Only those remote and impassable peaks on the 



484 



right gave him any sense of direction, and even they were less clear as the grey 
twilight waned and the sickly phosphorescence of the clouds took its place. 

Then dim and misty in the darkling north before him he glimpsed a terrible 
thing. He had thought it for some moments a range of black mountains, but now 
he saw it was something more. The phosphorescence of the brooding clouds 
shewed it plainly, and even silhouetted parts of it as vapours glowed behind. 
How distant it was he could not tell, but it must have been very far. It was 
thousands of feet high, stretching in a great concave arc from the grey 
impassable peaks to the unimagined westward spaces, and had once indeed been 
a ridge of mighty onyx hills. But now these hills were hills no more, for some 
hand greater than man's had touched them. Silent they squatted there atop the 
world like wolves or ghouls, crowned with clouds and mists and guarding the 
secrets of the north forever. All in a great half circle they squatted, those dog-like 
mountains carven into monstrous watching statues, and their right hands were 
raised in menace against mankind. 

It was only the flickering light of the clouds that made their mitred double heads 
seem to move, but as Carter stumbled on he saw arise from their shadowy caps 
great forms whose motions were no delusion. Winged and whirring, those forms 
grew larger each moment, and the traveller knew his stumbling was at an end. 
They were not any birds or bats known elsewhere on earth or in dreamland, for 
they were larger than elephants and had heads like a horse's. Carter knew that 
they must be the Shantak-birds of ill rumour, and wondered no more what evil 
guardians and nameless sentinels made men avoid the boreal rock desert. And as 
he stopped in final resignation he dared at last to look behind him, where indeed 
was trotting the squat slant-eyed trader of evil legend, grinning astride a lean 
yak and leading on a noxious horde of leering Shantaks to whose wings still 
clung the rime and nitre of the nether pits. 

Trapped though he was by fabulous and hippocephalic winged nightmares that 
pressed around in great unholy circles, Randolph Carter did not lose 
consciousness. Lofty and horrible those titan gargoyles towered above him, 
while the slant-eyed merchant leaped down from his yak and stood grinning 
before the captive. Then the man motioned Carter to mount one of the repugnant 
Shantaks, helping him up as his judgement struggled with his loathing. It was 
hard work ascending, for the Shantak-bird has scales instead of feathers, and 
those scales are very slippery. Once he was seated, the slant-eyed man hopped 
up behind him, leaving the lean yak to be led away northward toward the ring of 
carven mountains by one of the incredible bird colossi. 

There now followed a hideous whirl through frigid space, endlessly up and 
eastward toward the gaunt grey flanks of those impassable mountains beyond 



485 



which Leng was said to be. Far above the clouds they flew, till at last there lay 
beneath them those fabled summits which the folk of Inquanok have never seen, 
and which lie always in high vortices of gleaming mist. Carter beheld them very 
plainly as they passed below, and saw upon their topmost peaks strange caves 
which made him think of those on Ngranek; but he did not question his captor 
about these things when he noticed that both the man and the horse-headed 
Shantak appeared oddly fearful of them, hurrying past nervously and shewing 
great tension until they were left far in the rear. 

The Shantak now flew lower, revealing beneath the canopy of cloud a grey 
barren plain whereon at great distances shone little feeble fires. As they 
descended there appeared at intervals lone huts of granite and bleak stone 
villages whose tiny windows glowed with pallid light. And there came from 
those huts and villages a shrill droning of pipes and a nauseous rattle of crotala 
which proved at once that Inquanok's people are right in their geographic 
rumours. For travellers have heard such sounds before, and know that they float 
only from the cold desert plateau which healthy folk never visit; that haunted 
place of evil and mystery which is Leng. 

Around the feeble fires dark forms were dancing, and Carter was curious as to 
what manner of beings they might be; for no healthy folk have ever been to Leng, 
and the place is known only by its fires and stone huts as seen from afar. Very 
slowly and awkwardly did those forms leap, and with an insane twisting and 
bending not good to behold; so that Carter did not wonder at the monstrous evil 
imputed to them by vague legend, or the fear in which all dreamland holds their 
abhorrent frozen plateau. As the Shantak flew lower, the repulsiveness of the 
dancers became tinged with a certain hellish familiarity; and the prisoner kept 
straining his eyes and racking his memory for clues to where he had seen such 
creatures before. 

They leaped as though they had hooves instead of feet, and seemed to wear a 
sort of wig or headpiece with small horns. Of other clothing they had none, but 
most of them were quite furry. Behind they had dwarfish tails, and when they 
glanced upward he saw the excessive width of their mouths. Then he knew what 
they were, and that they did not wear any wigs or headpieces after all. For the 
cryptic folk of Leng were of one race with the uncomfortable merchants of the 
black galleys that traded rubies at Dylath-Leen; those not quite human 
merchants who are the slaves of the monstrous moon-things! They were indeed 
the same dark folk who had shanghaied Carter on their noisome galley so long 
ago, and whose kith he had seen driven in herds about the unclean wharves of 
that accursed lunar city, with the leaner ones toiling and the fatter ones taken 
away in crates for other needs of their polypous and amorphous masters. Now 
he saw where such ambiguous creatures came from, and shuddered at the 



486 



thought that Leng must be known to these formless abominations from the 
moon. 

But the Shantak flew on past the fires and the stone huts and the less than human 
dancers, and soared over sterile hills of grey granite and dim wastes of rock and 
ice and snow. Day came, and the phosphorescence of low clouds gave place to 
the misty twilight of that northern world, and still the vile bird winged 
meaningly through the cold and silence. At times the slant-eyed man talked with 
his steed in a hateful and guttural language, and the Shantak would answer with 
tittering tones that rasped like the scratching of ground glass. All this while the 
land was getting higher, and finally they came to a wind-swept table-land which 
seemed the very roof of a blasted and tenantless world. There, all alone in the 
hush and the dusk and the cold, rose the uncouth stones of a squat windowless 
building, around which a circle of crude monoliths stood. In all this arrangement 
there was nothing human, and Carter surmised from old tales that he was indeed 
come to that most dreadful and legendary of all places, the remote and 
prehistoric monastery wherein dwells uncompanioned the High-Priest Not To Be 
Described, which wears a yellow silken mask over its face and prays to the Other 
Gods and their crawling chaos Nyarlathotep. 

The loathsome bird now settled to the ground, and the slant-eyed man hopped 
down and helped his captive alight. Of the purpose of his seizure Carter now felt 
very sure; for clearly the slant-eyed merchant was an agent of the darker powers, 
eager to drag before his masters a mortal whose presumption had aimed at the 
finding of unknown Kadath and the saying of a prayer before the faces of the 
Great Ones in their onyx castle. It seemed likely that this merchant had caused 
his former capture by the slaves of the moon-things in Dylath-Leen, and that he 
now meant to do what the rescuing cats had baffled; taking the victim to some 
dread rendezvous with monstrous Nyarlathotep and telling with what boldness 
the seeking of unknown Kadath had been tried. Leng and the cold waste north of 
Inquanok must be close to the Other Gods, and there the passes to Kadath are 
well guarded. 

The slant-eyed man was small, but the great hippocephalic bird was there to see 
he was obeyed; so Carter followed where he led, and passed within the circle of 
standing rocks and into the low arched doorway of that windowless stone 
monastery. There were no lights inside, but the evil merchant lit a small clay 
lamp bearing morbid bas-reliefs and prodded his prisoner on through mazes of 
narrow winding corridors. On the walls of the corridors were printed frightful 
scenes older than history, and in a style unknown to the archaeologists of earth. 
After countless aeons their pigments were brilliant still, for the cold and dryness 
of hideous Leng keep alive many primal things. Carter saw them fleetingly in the 
rays of that dim and moving lamp, and shuddered at the tale they told. 



487 



Through those archaic frescoes Leng's annals stalked; and the horned, hooved, 
and wide-mouthed almost-humans danced evilly amidst forgotten cities. There 
were scenes of old wars, wherein Leng's almost-humans fought with the bloated 
purple spiders of the neighbouring vales; and there were scenes also of the 
coming of the black galleys from the moon, and of the submission of Leng's 
people to the polypous and amorphous blasphemies that hopped and floundered 
and wriggled out of them. Those slippery greyish-white blasphemies they 
worshipped as gods, nor ever complained when scores of their best and fatted 
males were taken away in the black galleys. The monstrous moon-beasts made 
their camp on a jagged isle in the sea, and Carter could tell from the frescoes that 
this was none other than the lone nameless rock he had seen when sailing to 
Inquanok; that grey accursed rock which Inquanok's seamen shun, and from 
which vile bowlings reverberate all through the night. 

And in those frescoes was shewn the great seaport and capital of the almost- 
humans; proud and pillared betwixt the cliffs and the basalt wharves, and 
wondrous with high fanes and carven places. Great gardens and columned 
streets led from the cliffs and from each of the six sphinx-crowned gates to a vast 
central plaza, and in that plaza was a pair of winged colossal lions guarding the 
top of a subterrene staircase. Again and again were those huge winged lions 
shewn, their mighty flanks of diarite glistening in the grey twilight of the day 
and the cloudy phosphorescence of the night. And as Carter stumbled past their 
frequent and repeated pictures it came to him at last what indeed they were, and 
what city it was that the almost-humans had ruled so anciently before the 
coming of the black galleys. There could be no mistake, for the legends of 
dreamland are generous and profuse. Indubitably that primal city was no less a 
place than storied Sarkomand, whose ruins had bleached for a million years 
before the first true human saw the light, and whose twin titan lions guard 
eternally the steps that lead down from dreamland to the Great Abyss. 

Other views shewed the gaunt grey peaks dividing Leng from Inquanok, and the 
monstrous Shantak-birds that build nests on the ledges half way up. And they 
shewed likewise the curious caves near the very topmost pinnacles, and how 
even the boldest of the Shantaks fly screaming away from them. Carter had seen 
those caves when he passed over them, and had noticed their likeness to the 
caves on Ngranek. Now he knew that the likeness was more than a chance one, 
for in these pictures were shewn their fearsome denizens; and those bat-wings, 
curving horns, barbed tails, prehensile paws and rubbery bodies were not 
strange to him. He had met those silent, flitting and clutching creatures before; 
those mindless guardians of the Great Abyss whom even the Great Ones fear, 
and who own not Nyarlathotep but hoary Nodens as their lord. For they were 
the dreaded night-gaunts, who never laugh or smile because they have no faces. 



488 



and who flop unendingly in the dark betwixt the Vale of Pnath and the passes to 
the outer world. 

The slant-eyed merchant had now prodded Carter into a great domed space 
whose walls were carved in shocking bas-reliefs, and whose centre held a gaping 
circular pit surrounded by six malignly stained stone altars in a ring. There was 
no light in this vast evil-smelling crypt, and the small lamp of the sinister 
merchant shone so feebly that one could grasp details only little by little. At the 
farther end was a high stone dais reached by five steps; and there on a golden 
throne sat a lumpish figure robed in yellow silk figured with red and having a 
yellow silken mask over its face. To this being the slant-eyed man made certain 
signs with his hands, and the lurker in the dark replied by raising a disgustingly 
carven flute of ivory in silk-covered paws and blowing certain loathsome sounds 
from beneath its flowing yellow mask. This colloquy went on for some time, and 
to Carter there was something sickeningly familiar in the sound of that flute and 
the stench of the malodorous place. It made him think of a frightful red-litten city 
and of the revolting procession that once filed through it; of that, and of an awful 
climb through lunar countryside beyond, before the rescuing rush of earth's 
friendly cats. He knew that the creature on the dais was without doubt the High- 
Priest Not To Be Described, of which legend whispers such fiendish and 
abnormal possibilities, but he feared to think just what that abhorred High-Priest 
might be. 

Then the figured silk slipped a trifle from one of the greyish-white paws, and 
Carter knew what the noisome High-Priest was. And in that hideous second, 
stark fear drove him to something his reason would never have dared to attempt, 
for in all his shaken consciousness there was room only for one frantic will to 
escape from what squatted on that golden throne. He knew that hopeless 
labyrinths of stone lay betwixt him and the cold table-land outside, and that even 
on that table-land the noxious Shantek still waited; yet in spite of all this there 
was in his mind only the instant need to get away from that wriggling, silk-robed 
monstrosity. 

The slant-eyed man had set the curious lamp upon one of the high and wickedly 
stained altar-stones by the pit, and had moved forward somewhat to talk to the 
High-Priest with his hands. Carter, hitherto wholly passive, now gave that man a 
terrific push with all the wild strength of fear, so that the victim toppled at once 
into that gaping well which rumour holds to reach down to the hellish Vaults of 
Zin where Gugs hunt ghasts in the dark. In almost the same second he seized the 
lamp from the altar and darted out into the frescoed labyrinths, racing this way 
and that as chance determined and trying not to think of the stealthy padding of 
shapeless paws on the stones behind him, or of the silent wrigglings and 
crawlings which must be going on back there in lightless corridors. 



489 



After a few moments he regretted his thoughtless haste, and wished he had tried 
to follow backward the frescoes he had passed on the way in. True, they were so 
confused and duplicated that they could not have done him much good, but he 
wished none the less he had made the attempt. Those he now saw were even 
more horrible than those he had seen then, and he knew he was not in the 
corridors leading outside. In time he became quite sure he was not followed, and 
slackened his pace somewhat; but scarce had he breathed in half relief when a 
new peril beset him. His lamp was waning, and he would soon be in pitch 
blackness with no means of sight or guidance. 

When the light was all gone he groped slowly in the dark, and prayed to the 
Great Ones for such help as they might afford. At times he felt the stone floor 
sloping up or down, and once he stumbled over a step for which no reason 
seemed to exist. The farther he went the damper it seemed to be, and when he 
was able to feel a junction or the mouth of a side passage he always chose the 
way which sloped downward the least. He believed, though, that his general 
course was down; and the vault-like smell and incrustations on the greasy walls 
and floor alike warned him he was burrowing deep in Leng's unwholesome 
table-land. But there was not any warning of the thing which came at last; only 
the thing itself with its terror and shock and breath-taking chaos. One moment he 
was groping slowly over the slippery floor of an almost level place, and the next 
he was shooting dizzily downward in the dark through a burrow which must 
have been well-nigh vertical. 

Of the length of that hideous sliding he could never be sure, but it seemed to take 
hours of delirious nausea and ecstatic frenzy. Then he realized he was still, with 
the phosphorescent clouds of a northern night shining sickly above him. All 
around were crumbling walls and broken columns, and the pavement on which 
he lay was pierced by straggling grass and wrenched asunder by frequent shrubs 
and roots. Behind him a basalt cliff rose topless and perpendicular; its dark side 
sculptured into repellent scenes, and pierced by an arched and carven entrance 
to the inner blacknesses out of which he had come. Ahead stretched double rows 
of pillars, and the fragments and pedestals of pillars, that spoke of a broad and 
bygone street; and from the urns and basins along the way he knew it had been a 
great street of gardens. Far off at its end the pillars spread to mark a vast round 
plaza, and in that open circle there loomed gigantic under the lurid night clouds 
a pair of monstrous things. Huge winged lions of diarite they were, with 
blackness and shadow between them. Full twenty feet they reared their 
grotesque and unbroken heads, and snarled derisive on the ruins around them. 
And Carter knew right well what they must be, for legend tells of only one such 
twain. They were the changeless guardians of the Great Abyss, and these dark 
ruins were in truth primordial Sarkomand. 



490 



Carter's first act was to close and barricade the archway in the cHff with fallen 
blocks and odd debris that lay around. He wished no follower from Leng's 
hateful monastery, for along the way ahead would lurk enough of other dangers. 
Of how to get from Sarkomand to the peopled parts of dreamland he knew 
nothing at all; nor could he gain much by descending to the grottoes of the 
ghouls, since he knew they were no better informed than he. The three ghouls 
which had helped him through the city of Gugs to the outer world had not 
known how to reach Sarkomand in their journey back, but had planned to ask 
old traders in Dylath-Leen. He did not like to think of going again to the 
subterrene world of Gugs and risking once more that hellish tower of Koth with 
its Cyclopean steps leading to the enchanted wood, yet he felt he might have to 
try this course if all else failed. Over Leng's plateau past the lone monastery he 
dared not go unaided; for the High-Priest's emissaries must be many, while at 
the journey's end there would no doubt be the Shantaks and perhaps other 
things to deal with. If he could get a boat he might sail back to Inquanok past the 
jagged and hideous rock in the sea, for the primal frescoes in the monastery 
labyrinth had shewn that this frightful place lies not far from Sarkomand's basalt 
quays. But to find a boat in this aeon-deserted city was no probable thing, and it 
did not appear likely that he could ever make one. 

Such were the thoughts of Randolph Carter when a new impression began 
beating upon his mind. All this while there had stretched before him the great 
corpse-like width of fabled Sarkomand with its black broken pillars and 
crumbling sphinx-crowned gates and titan stones and monstrous winged lions 
against the sickly glow of those luminous night clouds. Now he saw far ahead 
and on the right a glow that no clouds could account for, and knew he was not 
alone in the silence of that dead city. The glow rose and fell fitfully, flickering 
with a greenish tinge which did not reassure the watcher. And when he crept 
closer, down the littered street and through some narrow gaps between tumbled 
walls, he perceived that it was a campfire near the wharves with many vague 
forms clustered darkly around it; and a lethal odour hanging heavily over all. 
Beyond was the oily lapping of the harbour water with a great ship riding at 
anchor, and Carter paused in stark terror when he saw that the ship was indeed 
one of the dreaded black galleys from the moon. 

Then, just as he was about to creep back from that detestable flame, he saw a 
stirring among the vague dark forms and heard a peculiar and unmistakable 
sound. It was the frightened meeping of a ghoul, and in a moment it had swelled 
to a veritable chorus of anguish. Secure as he was in the shadow of monstrous 
ruins. Carter allowed his curiosity to conquer his fear, and crept forward again 
instead of retreating. Once in crossing an open street he wriggled worm-like on 
his stomach, and in another place he had to rise to his feet to avoid making a 
noise among heaps of fallen marble. But always he succeeded in avoiding 



491 



discovery, so that in a short time he had found a spot behind a titan pillar where 
he could watch the whole green-litten scene of action. There around a hideous 
fire fed by the obnoxious stems of lunar fungi, there squatted a stinking circle of 
the toadlike moonbeasts and their almost-human slaves. Some of these slaves 
were heating curious iron spears in the leaping flames, and at intervals applying 
their white-hot points to three tightly trussed prisoners that lay writhing before 
the leaders of the party. From the motions of their tentacles Carter could see that 
the blunt-snouted moonbeasts were enjoying the spectacle hugely, and vast was 
his horror when he suddenly recognised the frantic meeping and knew that the 
tortured ghouls were none other than the faithful trio which had guided him 
safely from the abyss, and had thereafter set out from the enchanted wood to 
find Sarkomand and the gate to their native deeps. 

The number of malodorous moonbeasts about that greenish fire was very great, 
and Carter saw that he could do nothing now to save his former allies. Of how 
the ghouls had been captured he could not guess; but fancied that the grey 
toadlike blasphemies had heard them inquire in Dylath-Leen concerning the way 
to Sarkomand and had not wished them to approach so closely the hateful 
plateau of Leng and the High-Priest Not To Be Described. For a moment he 
pondered on what he ought to do, and recalled how near he was to the gate of 
the ghouls' black kingdom. Clearly it was wisest to creep east to the plaza of twin 
lions and descend at once to the gulf, where assuredly he would meet no horrors 
worse than those above, and where he might soon find ghouls eager to rescue 
their brethren and perhaps to wipe out the moonbeasts from the black galley. It 
occurred to him that the portal, like other gates to the abyss, might be guarded 
by flocks of night-gaunts; but he did not fear these faceless creatures now. He 
had learned that they are bound by solemn treaties with the ghouls, and the 
ghoul which was Pickman had taught him how to glibber a password they 
understood. 

So Carter began another silent crawl through the ruins, edging slowly toward the 
great central plaza and the winged lions. It was ticklish work, but the 
moonbeasts were pleasantly busy and did not hear the slight noises which he 
twice made by accident among the scattered stones. At last he reached the open 
space and picked his way among the stunned trees and vines that had grown up 
therein. The gigantic lions loomed terrible above him in the sickly glow of the 
phosphorescent night clouds, but he manfully persisted toward them and 
presently crept round to their faces, knowing it was on that side he would find 
the mighty darkness which they guard. Ten feet apart crouched the mocking- 
faced beasts of diarite, brooding on cyclopean pedestals whose sides were 
chiselled in fearsome bas-reliefs. Betwixt them was a tiled court with a central 
space which had once been railed with balusters of onyx. Midway in this space a 
black well opened, and Carter soon saw that he had indeed reached the yawning 



492 



gulf whose crusted and mouldy stone steps lead down to the crypts of 
nightmare. 

Terrible is the memory of that dark descent in which hours wore themselves 
away whilst Carter wound sightlessly round and round down a fathomless 
spiral of steep and slippery stairs. So worn and narrow were the steps, and so 
greasy with the ooze of inner earth, that the climber never quite knew when to 
expect a breathless fall and hurtling down to the ultimate pits; and he was 
likewise uncertain just when or how the guardian night-gaunts would suddenly 
pounce upon him, if indeed there were any stationed in this primeval passage. 
All about him was a stifling odour of nether gulfs, and he felt that the air of these 
choking depths was not made for mankind. In time he became very numb and 
somnolent, moving more from automatic impulse than from reasoned will; nor 
did he realize any change when he stopped moving altogether as something 
quietly seized him from behind. He was flying very rapidly through the air 
before a malevolent tickling told him that the rubbery night-gaunts had 
performed their duty. 

Awaked to the fact that he was in the cold, damp clutch of the faceless flutterers. 
Carter remembered the password of the ghouls and glibbered it as loudly as he 
could amidst the wind and chaos of flight. Mindless though night-gaunts are 
said to be, the effect was instantaneous; for all tickling stopped at once, and the 
creatures hastened to shift their captive to a more comfortable position. Thus 
encouraged Carter ventured some explanations; telling of the seizure and torture 
of three ghouls by the moonbeasts, and of the need of assembling a party to 
rescue them. The night-gaunts, though inarticulate, seemed to understand what 
was said; and shewed greater haste and purpose in their flight. Suddenly the 
dense blackness gave place to the grey twilight of inner earth, and there opened 
up ahead one of those flat sterile plains on which ghouls love to squat and gnaw. 
Scattered tombstones and osseous fragments told of the denizens of that place; 
and as Carter gave a loud meep of urgent summons, a score of burrows emptied 
forth their leathery, dog-like tenants. The night-gaunts now flew low and set 
their passenger upon his feet, afterward withdrawing a little and forming a 
hunched semicircle on the ground while the ghouls greeted the newcomer. 

Carter glibbered his message rapidly and explicitly to the grotesque company, 
and four of them at once departed through different burrows to spread the news 
to others and gather such troops as might be available for a rescue. After a long 
wait a ghoul of some importance appeared, and made significant signs to the 
night-gaunts, causing two of the latter to fly off into the dark. Thereafter there 
were constant accessions to the hunched flock of night-gaunts on the plain, till at 
length the slimy soil was fairly black with them. Meanwhile fresh ghouls crawled 
out of the burrows one by one, all glibbering excitedly and forming in crude 



493 



battle array not far from the huddled night-gaunts. In time there appeared that 
proud and influential ghoul which was once the artist Richard Pickman of 
Boston, and to him Carter glibbered a very full account of what had occurred. 
The erstwhile Pickman, pleased to greet his ancient friend again, seemed very 
much impressed, and held a conference with other chiefs a little apart from the 
growing throng. 

Finally, after scanning the ranks with care, the assembled chiefs all meeped in 
unison and began glibbering orders to the crowds of ghouls and night-gaunts. A 
large detachment of the horned flyers vanished at once, while the rest grouped 
themselves two by two on their knees with extended forelegs, awaiting the 
approach of the ghouls one by one. As each ghoul reached the pair of night- 
gaunts to which he was assigned, he was taken up and borne away into the 
blackness; till at last the whole throng had vanished save for Carter, Pickman, 
and the other chiefs, and a few pairs of night-gaunts. Pickman explained that 
night-gaunts are the advance guard and battle steeds of the ghouls, and that the 
army was issuing forth to Sarkomand to deal with the moonbeasts. Then Carter 
and the ghoulish chiefs approached the waiting bearers and were taken up by 
the damp, slippery paws. Another moment and all were whirling in wind and 
darkness; endlessly up, up, up to the gate of the winged and the special ruins of 
primal Sarkomand. 

When, after a great interval. Carter saw again the sickly light of Sarkomand's 
nocturnal sky, it was to behold the great central plaza swarming with militant 
ghouls and night-gaunts. Day, he felt sure, must be almost due; but so strong 
was the army that no surprise of the enemy would be needed. The greenish flare 
near the wharves still glimmered faintly, though the absence of ghoulish 
meeping shewed that the torture of the prisoners was over for the nonce. Softly 
glibbering directions to their steeds and to the flock of riderless night-gaunts 
ahead, the ghouls presently rose in wide whirring columns and swept on over 
the bleak ruins toward the evil flame. Carter was now beside Pickman in the 
front rank of ghouls, and saw as they approached the noisome camp that the 
moonbeasts were totally unprepared. The three prisoners lay bound and inert 
beside the fire, while their toadlike captors slumped drowsily about in no certain 
order. The almost-human slaves were asleep, even the sentinels shirking a duty 
which in this realm must have seemed to them merely perfunctory. 

The final swoop of the night-gaunts and mounted ghouls was very sudden, each 
of the greyish toadlike blasphemies and their almost-human slaves being seized 
by a group of night-gaunts before a sound was made. The moonbeasts, of course, 
were voiceless; and even the slaves had little chance to scream before rubbery 
paws choked them into silence. Horrible were the writhings of those great 
jellyfish abnormalities as the sardonic night-gaunts clutched them, but nothing 



494 



availed against the strength of those black prehensile talons. When a moonbeast 
writhed too violently, a night-gaunt would seize and pull its quivering pink 
tentacles; which seemed to hurt so much that the victim would cease its 
struggles. Carter expected to see much slaughter, but found that the ghouls were 
far subtler in their plans. They glibbered certain simple orders to the night- 
gaunts which held the captives, trusting the rest to instinct; and soon the hapless 
creatures were borne silently away into the Great Abyss, to be distributed 
impartially amongst the Dholes, Gugs, ghasts and other dwellers in darkness 
whose modes of nourishment are not painless to their chosen victims. 
Meanwhile the three bound ghouls had been released and consoled by their 
conquering kinsfolk, whilst various parties searched the neighborhood for 
possible remaining moonbeasts, and boarded the evil-smelling black galley at the 
wharf to make sure that nothing had escaped the general defeat. Surely enough, 
the capture had been thorough, for not a sign of further life could the victors 
detect. Carter, anxious to preserve a means of access to the rest of dreamland, 
urged them not to sink the anchored galley; and this request was freely granted 
out of gratitude for his act in reporting the plight of the captured trio. On the 
ship were found some very curious objects and decorations, some of which 
Carter cast at once into the sea. 

Ghouls and night-gaunts now formed themselves in separate groups, the former 
questioning their rescued fellow anent past happenings. It appeared that the 
three had followed Carter's directions and proceeded from the enchanted wood 
to Dylath-Leen by way of Nir and the Skin, stealing human clothes at a lonely 
farmhouse and loping as closely as possible in the fashion of a man's walk. In 
Dylath-Leen's taverns their grotesque ways and faces had aroused much 
comment; but they had persisted in asking the way to Sarkomand until at last an 
old traveller was able to tell them. Then they knew that only a ship for Lelag- 
Leng would serve their purpose, and prepared to wait patiently for such a vessel. 

But evil spies had doubtless reported much; for shortly a black galley put into 
port, and the wide-mouthed ruby merchants invited the ghouls to drink with 
them in a tavern. Wine was produced from one of those sinister bottles 
grotesquely carven from a single ruby, and after that the ghouls found 
themselves prisoners on the black galley as Carter had found himself. This time, 
however, the unseen rowers steered not for the moon but for antique 
Sarkomand; bent evidently on taking their captives before the High-Priest Not 
To Be Described. They had touched at the jagged rock in the northern sea which 
Inquanok's mariners shun, and the ghouls had there seen for the first time the 
red masters of the ship; being sickened despite their own callousness by such 
extremes of malign shapelessness and fearsome odour. There, too, were 
witnessed the nameless pastimes of the toadlike resident garrison-such pastimes 
as give rise to the night-howlings which men fear. After that had come the 



495 



landing at ruined Sarkomand and the beginning of the tortures, whose 
continuance the present rescue had prevented. 

Future plans were next discussed, the three rescued ghouls suggesting a raid on 
the jagged rock and the extermination of the toadlike garrison there. To this, 
however, the night-gaunts objected; since the prospect of flying over water did 
not please them. Most of the ghouls favoured the design, but were at a loss how 
to follow it without the help of the winged night-gaunts. Thereupon Carter, 
seeing that they could not navigate the anchored galley, offered to teach them the 
use of the great banks of oars; to which proposal they eagerly assented. Grey day 
had now come, and under that leaden northern sky a picked detachment of 
ghouls filed into the noisome ship and took their seats on the rowers' benches. 
Carter found them fairly apt at learning, and before night had risked several 
experimental trips around the harbour. Not till three days later, however, did he 
deem it safe to attempt the voyage of conquest. Then, the rowers trained and the 
night-gaunts safely stowed in the forecastle, the party set sail at last; Pickman 
and the other chiefs gathering on deck and discussing models of approach and 
procedure. 

On the very first night the bowlings from the rock were heard. Such was their 
timbre that all the galley's crew shook visibly; but most of all trembled the three 
rescued ghouls who knew precisely what those bowlings meant. It was not 
thought best to attempt an attack by night, so the ship lay to under the 
phosphorescent clouds to wait for the dawn of a greyish day. when the light was 
ample and the bowlings still the rowers resumed their strokes, and the galley 
drew closer and closer to that jagged rock whose granite pinnacles clawed 
fantastically at the dull sky. The sides of the rock were very steep; but on ledges 
here and there could be seen the bulging walls of queer windowless dwellings, 
and the low railings guarding travelled highroads. No ship of men had ever 
come so near the place, or at least, had never come so near and departed again; 
but Carter and the ghouls were void of fear and kept inflexibly on, rounding the 
eastern face of the rock and seeking the wharves which the rescued trio 
described as being on the southern side within a harbour formed of steep 
headlands. 

The headlands were prolongations of the island proper, and came so closely 
together that only one ship at a time might pass between them. There seemed to 
be no watchers on the outside, so the galley was steered boldly through the 
flume-like strait and into the stagnant putrid harbour beyond. Here, however, all 
was bustle and activity; with several ships lying at anchor along a forbidding 
stone quay, and scores of almost-human slaves and moonbeasts by the 
waterfront handling crates and boxes or driving nameless and fabulous horrors 
hitched to lumbering lorries. There was a small stone town hewn out of the 



496 



vertical cliff above the wharves, with the start of a winding road that spiralled 
out of sight toward higher ledges of the rock. Of what lay inside that prodigious 
peak of granite none might say, but the things one saw on the outside were far 
from encouraging. 

At sight of the incoming galley the crowds on the wharves displayed much 
eagerness; those with eyes staring intently, and those without eyes wriggling 
their pink tentacles expectantly. They did not, of course, realize that the black 
ship had changed hands; for ghouls look much like the horned and hooved 
almost-humans, and the night-gaunts were all out of sight below. By this time 
the leaders had fully formed a plan; which was to loose the night-gaunts as soon 
as the wharf was touched, and then to sail directly away, leaving matters wholly 
to the instincts of those almost-mindless creatures. Marooned on the rock, the 
horned flyers would first of all seize whatever living things they found there, 
and afterward, quite helpless to think except in terms of the homing instinct, 
would forget their fears of water and fly swiftly back to the abyss; bearing their 
noisome prey to appropriate destinations in the dark, from which not much 
would emerge alive. 

The ghoul that was Pickman now went below and gave the night-gaunts their 
simple instructions, while the ship drew very near to the ominous and 
malodorous wharves. Presently a fresh stir rose along the waterfront, and Carter 
saw that the motions of the galley had begun to excite suspicion. Evidently the 
steersman was not making for the right dock, and probably the watchers had 
noticed the difference between the hideous ghouls and the almost-human slaves 
whose places they were taking. Some silent alarm must have been given, for 
almost at once a horde of the mephitic moonbeasts began to pour from the little 
black doorways of the windowless houses and down the winding road at the 
right. A rain of curious javelins struck the galley as the prow hit the wharf felling 
two ghouls and slightly wounding another; but at this point all the hatches were 
thrown open to emit a black cloud of whirring night-gaunts which swarmed over 
the town like a flock of horned and cyclopean bats. 

The jellyish moonbeasts had procured a great pole and were trying to push off 
the invading ship, but when the night-gaunts struck them they thought of such 
things no more. It was a very terrible spectacle to see those faceless and rubbery 
ticklers at their pastime, and tremendously impressive to watch the dense cloud 
of them spreading through the town and up the winding roadway to the reaches 
above. Sometimes a group of the black flutterers would drop a toadlike prisoner 
from aloft by mistake, and the manner in which the victim would burst was 
highly offensive to the sight and smell. When the last of the night-gaunts had left 
the galley the ghoulish leaders glibbered an order of withdrawal, and the rowers 



497 



pulled quietly out of the harbour between the grey headlands while still the 
town was a chaos of battle and conquest. 

The Pickman ghoul allowed several hours for the night-gaunts to make up their 
rudimentary minds and overcome their fear of flying over the sea, and kept the 
galley standing about a mile off the jagged rock while he waited, and dressed the 
wounds of the injured men. Night fell, and the grey twilight gave place to the 
sickly phosphorescence of low clouds, and all the while the leaders watched the 
high peaks of that accursed rock for signs of the night-gaunts' flight. Toward 
morning a black speck was seen hovering timidly over the top-most pinnacle, 
and shortly afterward the speck had become a swarm. Just before daybreak the 
swarm seemed to scatter, and within a quarter of an hour it had vanished wholly 
in the distance toward the northeast. Once or twice something seemed to fall 
from the thing swarm into the sea; but Carter did not worry, since he knew from 
observation that the toadlike moonbeasts cannot swim. At length, when the 
ghouls were satisfied that all the night-gaunts had left for Sarkomand and the 
Great Abyss with their doomed burdens, the galley put back into the harbour 
betwixt the grey headlands; and all the hideous company landed and roamed 
curiously over the denuded rock with its towers and eyries and fortresses 
chiselled from the solid stone. 

Frightful were the secrets uncovered in those evil and windowless crypts; for the 
remnants of unfinished pastimes were many, and in various stages of departure 
from their primal state. Carter put out of the way certain things which were after 
a fashion alive, and fled precipitately from a few other things about which he 
could not be very positive. The stench-filled houses were furnished mostly with 
grotesque stools and benches carven from moon-trees, and were painted inside 
with nameless and frantic designs. Countless weapons, implements, and 
ornaments lay about, including some large idols of solid ruby depicting singular 
beings not found on the earth. These latter did not, despite their material, invite 
either appropriation or long inspection; and Carter took the trouble to hammer 
five of them into very small pieces. The scattered spears and javelins he collected, 
and with Pickman's approval distributed among the ghouls. Such devices were 
new to the doglike lopers, but their relative simplicity made them easy to master 
after a few concise hints. 

The upper parts of the rock held more temples than private homes, and in 
numerous hewn chambers were found terrible carven altars and doubtfully 
stained fonts and shrines for the worship of things more monstrous than the wild 
gods atop Kadath. From the rear of one great temple stretched a low black 
passage which Carter followed far into the rock with a torch till he came to a 
lightless domed hall of vast proportions, whose vaultings were covered with 
demoniac carvings and in whose centre yawned a foul and bottomless well like 



498 



that in the hideous monastery of Leng where broods alone the High-Priest Not 
To Be Described. On the distant shadowy side, beyond the noisome well, he 
thought he discerned a small door of strangely wrought bronze; but for some 
reason he felt an unaccountable dread of opening it or even approaching it, and 
hastened back through the cavern to his unlovely allies as they shambled about 
with an ease and abandon he could scarcely feel. The ghouls had observed the 
unfinished pastimes of the moonbeasts, and had profited in their fashion. They 
had also found a hogshead of potent moon-wine, and were rolling it down to the 
wharves for removal and later use in diplomatic dealings, though the rescued 
trio, remembering its effect on them in Dylath-Leen, had warned their company 
to taste none of it. Of rubies from lunar mines there was a great store, both rough 
and polished, in one of the vaults near the water; but when the ghouls found 
they were not good to eat they lost all interest in them. Carter did not try to carry 
any away, since he knew too much about those which had mined them. 

Suddenly there came an excited meeping from the sentries on the wharves, and 
all the loathsome foragers turned from their tasks to stare seaward and cluster 
round the waterfront. Betwixt the grey headlands a fresh black galley was 
rapidly advancing, and it would be but a moment before the almost-humans on 
deck would perceive the invasion of the town and give the alarm to the 
monstrous things below. Fortunately the ghouls still bore the spears and javelins 
which Carter had distributed amongst them; and at his command, sustained by 
the being that was Pickman, they now formed a line of battle and prepared to 
prevent the landing of the ship. Presently a burst of excitement on the galley told 
of the crew's discovery of the changed state of things, and the instant stoppage of 
the vessel proved that the superior numbers of the ghouls had been noted and 
taken into account. After a moment of hesitation the new comers silently turned 
and passed out between the headlands again, but not for an instant did the 
ghouls imagine that the conflict was averted. Either the dark ship would seek 
reinforcements or the crew would try to land elsewhere on the island; hence a 
party of scouts was at once sent up toward the pinnacle to see what the enemy's 
course would be. 

In a very few minutes the ghoul returned breathless to say that the moonbeasts 
and almost-humans were landing on the outside of the more easterly of the 
rugged grey headlands, and ascending by hidden paths and ledges which a goat 
could scarcely tread in safety. Almost immediately afterward the galley was 
sighted again through the flume-like strait, but only for a second. Then a few 
moments later, a second messenger panted down from aloft to say that another 
party was landing on the other headland; both being much more numerous than 
the size of the galley would seem to allow for. The ship itself, moving slowly 
with only one sparsely manned tier of oars, soon hove in sight betwixt the cliffs. 



499 



and lay to in the foetid harbour as if to watch the coming fray and stand by for 
any possible use. 

By this time Carter and Pickman had divided the ghouls into three parties, one to 
meet each of the two invading columns and one to remain in the town. The first 
two at once scrambled up the rocks in their respective directions, while the third 
was subdivided into a land party and a sea party. The sea party, commanded by 
Carter, boarded the anchored galley and rowed out to meet the under-manned 
galley of the newcomers; whereat the latter retreated through the strait to the 
open sea. Carter did not at once pursue it, for he knew he might be needed more 
acutely near the town. 

Meanwhile the frightful detachments of the moonbeasts and almost-humans had 
lumbered up to the top of the headlands and were shockingly silhouetted on 
either side against the grey twilight sky. The thin hellish flutes of the invaders 
had now begun to whine, and the general effect of those hybrid, half-amorphous 
processions was as nauseating as the actual odour given off by the toadlike lunar 
blasphemies. Then the two parties of the ghouls swarmed into sight and joined 
the silhouetted panorama. Javelins began to fly from both sides, and the swelling 
meeps of the ghouls and the bestial howls of the almost-humans gradually joined 
the hellish whine of the flutes to form a frantick and indescribable chaos of 
daemon cacophony. Now and then bodies fell from the narrow ridges of the 
headlands into the sea outside or the harbour inside, in the latter case being 
sucked quickly under by certain submarine lurkers whose presence was 
indicated only by prodigious bubbles. 

For half an hour this dual battle raged in the sky, till upon the west cliff the 
invaders were completely annihilated. On the east cliff, however, where the 
leader of the moonbeast party appeared to be present, the ghouls had not fared 
so well; and were slowly retreating to the slopes of the pinnacle proper. Pickman 
had quickly ordered reinforcements for this front from the party in the town, and 
these had helped greatly in the earlier stages of the combat. Then, when the 
western battle was over, the victorious survivors hastened across to the aid of 
their hard-pressed fellows; turning the tide and forcing the invaders back again 
along the narrow ridge of the headland. The almost-humans were by this time all 
slain, but the last of the toadlike horrors fought desperately with the great spears 
clutched in their powerful and disgusting paws. The time for javelins was now 
nearly past, and the fight became a hand-to-hand contest of what few spearmen 
could meet upon that narrow ridge. 

As fury and recklessness increased, the number falling into the sea became very 
great. Those striking the harbour met nameless extinction from the unseen 
bubblers, but of those striking the open sea some were able to swim to the foot of 



500 



the cliffs and land on tidal rocks, while the hovering galley of the enemy rescued 
several moonbeasts. The cliffs were unscalable except where the monsters had 
debarked, so that none of the ghouls on the rocks could rejoin their battle-line. 
Some were killed by javelins from the hostile galley or from the moonbeasts 
above, but a few survived to be rescued. When the security of the land parties 
seemed assured. Carter's galley sallied forth between the headlands and drove 
the hostile ship far out to sea; pausing to rescue such ghouls as were on the rocks 
or still swimming in the ocean. Several moonbeasts washed on rocks or reefs 
were speedily put out of the way. 

Finally, the moonbeast galley being safely in the distance and the invading land 
army concentrated in one place. Carter landed a considerable force on the eastern 
headland in the enemy's rear; after which the fight was short-lived indeed. 
Attacked from both sides, the noisome flounderers were rapidly cut to pieces or 
pushed into the sea, till by evening the ghoulish chiefs agreed that the island was 
again clear of them. The hostile galley, meanwhile, had disappeared; and it was 
decided that the evil jagged rock had better be evacuated before any 
overwhelming horde of lunar horrors might be assembled and brought against 
the victors. 

So by night Pickman and Carter assembled all the ghouls and counted them with 
care, finding that over a fourth had been lost in the day's battles. The wounded 
were placed on bunks in the galley, for Pickman always discouraged the old 
ghoulish custom of killing and eating one's own wounded, and the able-bodied 
troops were assigned to the oars or to such other places as they might most 
usefully fill. Under the low phosphorescent clouds of night the galley sailed, and 
Carter was not sorry to be departing from the island of unwholesome secrets, 
whose lightless domed hall with its bottomless well and repellent bronze door 
lingered restlessly in his fancy. Dawn found the ship in sight of Sarkomand's 
ruined quays of basalt, where a few night-gaunt sentries still waited, squatting 
like black horned gargoyles on the broken columns and crumbling sphinxes of 
that fearful city which lived and died before the years of man. 

The ghouls made camp amongst the fallen stones of Sarkomand, despatching a 
messenger for enough night-gaunts to serve them as steeds. Pickman and the 
other chiefs were effusive in their gratitude for the aid Carter had lent them. 
Carter now began to feel that his plans were indeed maturing well, and that he 
would be able to command the help of these fearsome allies not only in quitting 
this part of dreamland, but in pursuing his ultimate quest for the gods atop 
unknown Kadath, and the marvellous sunset city they so strangely withheld 
from his slumbers. Accordingly he spoke of these things to the ghoulish leaders; 
telling what he knew of the cold waste wherein Kadath stands and of the 
monstrous Shantaks and the mountains carven into double-headed images 



501 



which guard it. He spoke of the fear of Shantaks for night-gaunts, and of how the 
vast hippocephahc birds fly screaming from the black burrows high up on the 
gaunt grey peaks that divide Inquanok from hateful Leng. He spoke, too, of the 
things he had learned concerning night-gaunts from the frescoes in the 
windowless monastery of the High-Priest Not To Be Described; how even the 
Great Ones fear them, and how their ruler is not the crawling chaos Nyarlathotep 
at all, but hoary and immemorial Nodens, Lord of the Great Abyss. 

All these things Carter glibbered to the assembled ghouls, and presently outlined 
that request which he had in mind and which he did not think extravagant 
considering the services he had so lately rendered the rubbery doglike lopers. He 
wished very much, he said, for the services of enough night-gaunts to bear him 
safely through the aft past the realm of Shantaks and carven mountains, and up 
into the old waste beyond the returning tracks of any other mortal. He desired to 
fly to the onyx castle atop unknown Kadath in the cold waste to plead with the 
Great Ones for the sunset city they denied him, and felt sure that the night- 
gaunts could take him thither without trouble; high above the perils of the plain, 
and over the hideous double heads of those carven sentinel mountains that squat 
eternally in the grey dusk. For the horned and faceless creatures there could be 
no danger from aught of earth since the Great Ones themselves dread them. And 
even were unexpected things to come from the Other Gods, who are prone to 
oversee the affairs of earth's milder gods, the night-gaunts need not fear; for the 
outer hells are indifferent matters to such silent and slippery flyers as own not 
Nyarlathotep for their master, but bow only to potent and archaic Nodens. 

A flock of ten or fifteen night-gaunts. Carter glibbered, would surely be enough 
to keep any combination of Shantaks at a distance, though perhaps it might be 
well to have some ghouls in the party to manage the creatures, their ways being 
better known to their ghoulish allies than to men. The party could land him at 
some convenient point within whatever walls that fabulous onyx citadel might 
have, waiting in the shadows for his return or his signal whilst he ventured 
inside the castle to give prayer to the gods of earth. If any ghouls chose to escort 
him into the throne-room of the Great Ones, he would be thankful, for their 
presence would add weight and importance to his plea. He would not, however, 
insist upon this but merely wished transportation to and from the castle atop 
unknown Kadath; the final journey being either to the marvellous sunset city 
itself, in case of gods proved favourable, or back to the earthward Gate of Deeper 
Slumber in the Enchanted Wood in case his prayers were fruitless. 

Whilst Carter was speaking all the ghouls listened with great attention, and as 
the moments advanced the sky became black with clouds of those night-gaunts 
for which messengers had been sent. The winged steeds settled in a semicircle 
around the ghoulish army, waiting respectfully as the doglike chieftains 



502 



considered the wish of the earthly traveller. The ghoul that was Pickman 
glibbered gravely with his fellows and in the end Carter was offered far more 
than he had at most expected. As he had aided the ghouls in their conquest of the 
moonbeasts, so would they aid him in his daring voyage to realms whence none 
had ever returned; lending him not merely a few of their allied night-gaunts, but 
their entire army as then encamped, veteran fighting ghouls and newly 
assembled night-gaunts alike, save only a small garrison for the captured black 
galley and such spoils as had come from the jagged rock in the sea. They would 
set out through the aft whenever he might wish, and once arrived on Kadath a 
suitable train of ghouls would attend him in state as he placed his petition before 
earth's gods in their onyx castle. 

Moved by a gratitude and satisfaction beyond words. Carter made plans with 
the ghoulish leaders for his audacious voyage. The army would fly high, they 
decided, over hideous Leng with its nameless monastery and wicked stone 
villages; stopping only at the vast grey peaks to confer with the Shantak- 
frightening night-gaunts whose burrows honeycombed their summits. They 
would then, according to what advice they might receive from those denizens, 
choose their final course; approaching unknown Kadath either through the 
desert of carven mountains north of Inquanok, or through the more northerly 
reaches of repulsive Leng itself. Doglike and soulless as they are, the ghouls and 
night-gaunts had no dread of what those untrodden deserts might reveal; nor 
did they feel any deterring awe at the thought of Kadath towering lone with its 
onyx castle of mystery. 

About midday the ghouls and night-gaunts prepared for flight, each ghoul 
selecting a suitable pair of horned steeds to bear him. Carter was placed well up 
toward the head of the column beside Pickman, and in front of the whole a 
double line of riderless night-gaunts was provided as a vanguard. At a brisk 
meep from Pickman the whole shocking army rose in a nightmare cloud above 
the broken columns and crumbling sphinxes of primordial Sarkomand; higher 
and higher, till even the great basalt cliff behind the town was cleared, and the 
cold, sterile table-land of Leng's outskirts laid open to sight. Still higher flew the 
black host, till even this table-land grew small beneath them; and as they worked 
northward over the wind-swept plateau of horror Carter saw once again with a 
shudder the circle of crude monoliths and the squat windowless building which 
he knew held that frightful silken-masked blasphemy from whose clutches he 
had so narrowly escaped. This time no descent was made as the army swept 
batlike over the sterile landscape, passing the feeble fires of the unwholesome 
stone villages at a great altitude, and pausing not at all to mark the morbid 
twistings of the hooved, horned almost-humans that dance and pipe eternally 
therein. Once they saw a Shantak-bird flying low over the plain, but when it saw 
them it screamed noxiously and flapped off to the north in grotesque panic. 



503 



At dusk they reached the jagged grey peaks that form the barrier of Inquanok, 
and hovered about these strange caves near the summits which Carter recalled as 
so frightful to the Shantaks. At the insistent meeping of the ghoulish leaders 
there issued forth from each lofty burrow a stream of horned black flyers with 
which the ghouls and night-gaunts of the party conferred at length by means of 
ugly gestures. It soon became clear that the best course would be that over the 
cold waste north of Inquanok, for Leng's northward reaches are full of unseen 
pitfalls that even the night-gaunts dislike; abysmal influences centering in certain 
white hemispherical buildings on curious knolls, which common folklore 
associates unpleasantly with the Other Gods and their crawling chaos 
Nyarlathotep. 

Of Kadath the flutterers of the peaks knew almost nothing, save that there must 
be some mighty marvel toward the north, over which the Shantaks and the 
carven mountains stand guard. They hinted at rumoured abnormalities of 
proportion in those trackless leagues beyond, and recalled vague whispers of a 
realm where night broods eternally; but of definite data they had nothing to give. 
So Carter and his party thanked them kindly; and, crossing the topmost granite 
pinnacles to the skies of Inquanok, dropped below the level of the 
phosphorescent night clouds and beheld in the distance those terrible squatting 
gargoyles that were mountains till some titan hand carved fright into their virgin 
rock. 

There they squatted in a hellish half-circle, their legs on the desert sand and their 
mitres piercing the luminous clouds; sinister, wolflike, and double-headed, with 
faces of fury and right hands raised, dully and malignly watching the rim of 
man's world and guarding with horror the reaches of a cold northern world that 
is not man's. From their hideous laps rose evil Shantaks of elephantine bulk, but 
these all fled with insane titters as the vanguard of night-gaunts was sighted in 
the misty sky. Northward above those gargoyle mountains the army flew, and 
over leagues of dim desert where never a landmark rose. Less and less luminous 
grew the clouds, till at length Carter could see only blackness around him; but 
never did the winged steeds falter, bred as they were in earth's blackest crypts, 
and seeing not with any eyes, but with the whole dank surface of their slippery 
forms. On and on they flew, past winds of dubious scent and sounds of dubious 
import; ever in thickest darkness, and covering such prodigious spaces that 
Carter wondered whether or not they could still be within earth's dreamland. 

Then suddenly the clouds thinned and the stars shone spectrally above. All 
below was still black, but those pallid beacons in the sky seemed alive with a 
meaning and directiveness they had never possessed elsewhere. It was not that 
the figures of the constellations were different, but that the same familiar shapes 
now revealed a significance they had formerly failed to make plain. Everything 



504 



focussed toward the north; every curve and asterism of the ghttering sky became 
part of a vast design whose function was to hurry first the eye and then the 
whole observer onward to some secret and terrible goal of convergence beyond 
the frozen waste that stretched endlessly ahead. Carter looked toward the east 
where the great ridge of barrier peaks had towered along all the length of 
Inquanok and saw against the stars a jagged silhouette which told of its 
continued presence. It was more broken now, with yawning clefts and 
fantastically erratic pinnacles; and Carter studied closely the suggestive turnings 
and inclinations of that grotesque outline, which seemed to share with the stars 
some subtle northward urge. 

They were flying past at a tremendous speed, so that the watcher had to strain 
hard to catch details; when all at once he beheld just above the line of the 
topmost peaks a dark and moving object against the stars, whose course exactly 
paralleled that of his own bizarre party. The ghouls had likewise glimpsed it, for 
he heard their low glibbering all about him, and for a moment he fancied the 
object was a gigantic Shantak, of a size vastly greater than that of the average 
specimen. Soon, however, he saw that this theory would not hold; for the shape 
of the thing above the mountains was not that of any hippocephalic bird. Its 
outline against the stars, necessarily vague as it was, resembled rather some huge 
mitred head, or pair of heads infinitely magnified; and its rapid bobbing flight 
through the sky seemed most peculiarly a wingless one. Carter could not tell 
which side of the mountains it was on, but soon perceived that it had parts below 
the parts he had first seen, since it blotted out all the stars in places where the 
ridge was deeply cleft. 

Then came a wide gap in the range, where the hideous reaches of transmontane 
Leng were joined to the cold waste on this side by a low pass trough which the 
stars shone wanly. Carter watched this gap with intense care, knowing that he 
might see outlined against the sky beyond it the lower parts of the vast thing that 
flew undulantly above the pinnacles. The object had now floated ahead a trifle, 
and every eye of the party was fixed on the rift where it would presently appear 
in full-length silhouette. Gradually the huge thing above the peaks neared the 
gap, slightly slackening its speed as if conscious of having outdistanced the 
ghoulish army. For another minute suspense was keen, and then the brief instant 
of full silhouette and revelation came; bringing to the lips of the ghouls an awed 
and half-choked meep of cosmic fear, and to the soul of the traveller a chill that 
never wholly left it. For the mammoth bobbing shape that overtopped the ridge 
was only a head - a mitred double head - and below it in terrible vastness loped 
the frightful swollen body that bore it; the mountain-high monstrosity that 
walked in stealth and silence; the hyaena-like distortion of a giant anthropoid 
shape that trotted blackly against the sky, its repulsive pair of cone-capped heads 
reaching half way to the zenith. 



505 



Carter did not lose consciousness or even scream aloud, for he was an old 
dreamer; but he looked behind him in horror and shuddered when he saw that 
there were other monstrous heads silhouetted above the level of the peaks, 
bobbing along stealthily after the first one. And straight in the rear were three of 
the mighty mountain shapes seen full against the southern stars, tiptoeing 
wolflike and lumberingly, their tall mitres nodding thousands of feet in the aft. 
The carven mountains, then, had not stayed squatting in that rigid semicircle 
north of Inquanok, with right hands uplifted. They had duties to perform, and 
were not remiss. But it was horrible that they never spoke, and never even made 
a sound in walking. 

Meanwhile the ghoul that was Pickman had glibbered an order to the night- 
gaunts, and the whole army soared higher into the air. Up toward the stars the 
grotesque column shot, till nothing stood out any longer against the sky; neither 
the grey granite ridge that was still nor the carven mitred mountains that 
walked. All was blackness beneath as the fluttering legion surged northward 
amidst rushing winds and invisible laughter in the aether, and never a Shantak 
or less mentionable entity rose from the haunted wastes to pursue them. The 
farther they went, the faster they flew, till soon their dizzying speed seemed to 
pass that of a rifle ball and approach that of a planet in its orbit. Carter wondered 
how with such speed the earth could still stretch beneath them, but knew that in 
the land of dream dimensions have strange properties. That they were in a realm 
of eternal night he felt certain, and he fancied that the constellations overhead 
had subtly emphasized their northward focus; gathering themselves up as it 
were to cast the flying army into the void of the boreal pole, as the folds of a bag 
are gathered up to cast out the last bits of substance therein. 

Then he noticed with terror that the wings of the night-gaunts were not flapping 
any more. The horned and faceless steeds had folded their membranous 
appendages, and were resting quite passive in the chaos of wind that whirled 
and chuckled as it bore them on. A force not of earth had seized on the army, and 
ghouls and night-gaunts alike were powerless before a current which pulled 
madly and relentlessly into the north whence no mortal had ever returned. At 
length a lone pallid light was seen on the skyline ahead, thereafter rising steadily 
as they approached, and having beneath it a black mass that blotted out the stars. 
Carter saw that it must be some beacon on a mountain, for only a mountain 
could rise so vast as seen from so prodigious a height in the air. 

Higher and higher rose the light and the blackness beneath it, till all the northern 
sky was obscured by the rugged conical mass. Lofty as the army was, that pale 
and sinister beacon rose above it, towering monstrous over all peaks and 
concernments of earth, and tasting the atomless aether where the cryptical moon 
and the mad planets reel. No mountain known of man was that which loomed 



506 



before them. The high clouds far below were but a fringe for its foothills. The 
groping dizziness of topmost air was but a girdle for its loins. Scornful and 
spectral climbed that bridge betwixt earth and heaven, black in eternal night, and 
crowned with a pshent of unknown stars whose awful and significant outline 
grew every moment clearer. Ghouls meeped in wonder as they saw it, and Carter 
shivered in fear lest all the hurtling army be dashed to pieces on the unyielding 
onyx of that Cyclopean cliff. 

Higher and higher rose the light, till it mingled with the loftiest orbs of the zenith 
and winked down at the flyers with lurid mockery. All the north beneath it was 
blackness now; dread, stony blackness from infinite depths to infinite heights, 
with only that pale winking beacon perched unreachably at the top of all vision. 
Carter studied the light more closely, and saw at last what lines its inky 
background made against the stars. There were towers on that titan 
mountaintop; horrible domed towers in noxious and incalculable tiers and 
clusters beyond any dreamable workmanship of man; battlements and terraces 
of wonder and menace, all limned tiny and black and distant against the starry 
pshent that glowed malevolently at the uppermost rim of sight. Capping that 
most measureless of mountains was a castle beyond all mortal thought, and in it 
glowed the daemon-light. Then Randolph Carter knew that his quest was done, 
and that he saw above him the goal of all forbidden steps and audacious visions; 
the fabulous, the incredible home of the Great Ones atop unknown Kadath. 

Even as he realised this thing. Carter noticed a change in the course of the 
helplessly wind-sucked party. They were rising abruptly now, and it was plain 
that the focus of their flight was the onyx castle where the pale light shone. So 
close was the great black mountain that its sides sped by them dizzily as they 
shot upward, and in the darkness they could discern nothing upon it. Vaster and 
vaster loomed the tenebrous towers of the nighted castle above, and Carter could 
see that it was well-nigh blasphemous in its immensity. Well might its stones 
have been quarried by nameless workmen in that horrible gulf rent out of the 
rock in the hill pass north of Inquanok, for such was its size that a man on its 
threshold stood even as air out on the steps of earth's loftiest fortress. The pshent 
of unknown stars above the myriad domed turrets glowed with a sallow, sickly 
flare, so that a kind of twilight hung about the murky walls of slippery onyx. The 
pallid beacon was now seen to be a single shining window high up in one of the 
loftiest towers, and as the helpless army neared the top of the mountain Carter 
thought he detected unpleasant shadows flitting across the feebly luminous 
expanse. It was a strangely arched window, of a design wholly alien to earth. 

The solid rock now gave place to the giant foundations of the monstrous castle, 
and it seemed that the speed of the party was somewhat abated. Vast walls shot 
up, and there was a glimpse of a great gate through which the voyagers were 



507 



swept. All was night in the titan courtyard, and then came the deeper blackness 
of inmost things as a huge arched portal engulfed the column. Vortices of cold 
wind surged dankly through sightless labyrinths of onyx, and Carter could never 
tell what Cyclopean stairs and corridors lay silent along the route of his endless 
aerial twisting. Always upward led the terrible plunge in darkness, and never a 
sound, touch or glimpse broke the dense pall of mystery. Large as the army of 
ghouls and night-gaunts was, it was lost in the prodigious voids of that more 
than earthly castle. And when at last there suddenly dawned around him the 
lurid light of that single tower room whose lofty window had served as a beacon, 
it took Carter long to discern the far walls and high, distant ceiling, and to realize 
that he was indeed not again in the boundless air outside. 

Randolph Carter had hoped to come into the throne-room of the Great Ones with 
poise and dignity, flanked and followed by impressive lines of ghouls in 
ceremonial order, and offering his prayer as a free and potent master among 
dreamers. He had known that the Great Ones themselves are not beyond a 
mortal's power to cope with, and had trusted to luck that the Other Gods and 
their crawling chaos Nyarlathotep would not happen to come to their aid at the 
crucial moment, as they had so often done before when men sought out earth's 
gods in their home or on their mountains. And with his hideous escort he had 
half hoped to defy even the Other Gods if need were, knowing as he did that 
ghouls have no masters, and that night-gaunts own not Nyarlathotep but only 
archaic Nodens for their lord. But now he saw that supernal Kadath in its cold 
waste is indeed girt with dark wonders and nameless sentinels, and that the 
Other Gods are of a surety vigilant in guarding the mild, feeble gods of earth. 
Void as they are of lordship over ghouls and night-gaunts, the mindless, 
shapeless blasphemies of outer space can yet control them when they must; so 
that it was not in state as a free and potent master of dreamers that Randolph 
Carter came into the Great Ones' throne-room with his ghouls. Swept and 
herded by nightmare tempests from the stars, and dogged by unseen horrors of 
the northern waste, all that army floated captive and helpless in the lurid light, 
dropping numbly to the onyx floor when by some voiceless order the winds of 
fright dissolved. 

Before no golden dais had Randolph Carter come, nor was there any august 
circle of crowned and haloed beings with narrow eyes, long-lobed ears, thin 
nose, and pointed chin whose kinship to the carven face on Ngranek might 
stamp them as those to whom a dreamer might pray. Save for the one tower 
room the onyx castle atop Kadath was dark, and the masters were not there. 
Carter had come to unknown Kadath in the cold waste, but he had not found the 
gods. Yet still the lurid light glowed in that one tower room whose size was so 
little less than that of all outdoors, and whose distant walls and roof were so 
nearly lost to sight in thin, curling mists. Earth's gods were not there, it was true. 



508 



but of subtler and less visible presences there could be no lack. Where the mild 
gods are absent, the Other Gods are not unrepresented; and certainly, the onyx 
castle of castles was far from tenantless. In what outrageous form or forms terror 
would next reveal itself Carter could by no means imagine. He felt that his visit 
had been expected, and wondered how close a watch had all along been kept 
upon him by the crawling chaos Nyarlathotep. It is Nyarlathotep, horror of 
infinite shapes and dread soul and messenger of the Other Gods, that the 
fungous moonbeasts serve; and Carter thought of the black galley that had 
vanished when the tide of battle turned against the toadlike abnormalities on the 
jagged rock in the sea. 

Reflecting upon these things, he was staggering to his feet in the midst of his 
nightmare company when there rang without warning through that pale-litten 
and limitless chamber the hideous blast of a daemon trumpet. Three times pealed 
that frightful brazen scream, and when the echoes of the third blast had died 
chucklingly away Randolph Carter saw that he was alone. Whither, why and 
how the ghouls and night-gaunts had been snatched from sight was not for him 
to divine. He knew only that he was suddenly alone, and that whatever unseen 
powers lurked mockingly around him were no powers of earth's friendly 
dreamland. Presently from the chamber's uttermost reaches a new sound came. 
This, too, was a rhythmic trumpeting; but of a kind far removed from the three 
raucous blasts which had dissolved his goodly cohorts. In this low fanfare 
echoed all the wonder and melody of ethereal dream; exotic vistas of 
unimagined loveliness floating from each strange chord and subtly alien 
cadence. Odours of incense came to match the golden notes; and overhead a 
great light dawned, its colours changing in cycles unknown to earth's spectrum, 
and following the song of the trumpets in weird symphonic harmonies. Torches 
flared in the distance, and the beat of drums throbbed nearer amidst waves of 
tense expectancy. 

Out of the thinning mists and the cloud of strange incenses filed twin columns of 
giant black slaves with loin-cloths of iridescent silk. Upon their heads were 
strapped vast helmet-like torches of glittering metal, from which the fragrance of 
obscure balsams spread in fumous spirals. In their right hands were crystal 
wands whose tips were carven into leering chimaeras, while their left hands 
grasped long thin silver trumpets which they blew in turn. Armlets and anklets 
of gold they had, and between each pair of anklets stretched a golden chain that 
held its wearer to a sober gait. That they were true black men of earth's 
dreamland was at once apparent, but it seemed less likely that their rites and 
costumes were wholly things of our earth. Ten feet from Carter the columns 
stopped, and as they did so each trumpet flew abruptly to its bearer's thick lips. 
Wild and ecstatic was the blast that followed, and wilder still the cry that 
chorused just after from dark throats somehow made shrill by strange artifice. 



509 



Then down the wide lane betwixt the two columns a lone figure strode; a tall, 
slim figure with the young face of an antique Pharaoh, gay with prismatic robes 
and crowned with a golden pshent that glowed with inherent light. Close up to 
Carter strode that regal figure; whose proud carriage and smart features had in 
them the fascination of a dark god or fallen archangel, and around whose eyes 
there lurked the languid sparkle of capricious humour. It spoke, and in its 
mellow tones there rippled the wild music of Lethean streams. 

"Randolph Carter," said the voice, "you have come to see the Great Ones whom 
it is unlawful for men to see. Watchers have spoken of this thing, and the Other 
Gods have grunted as they rolled and tumbled mindlessly to the sound of thin 
flutes in the black ultimate void where broods the daemon-sultan whose name 
no lips dare speak aloud. 

"When Barzai the Wise climbed Hatheg-Kia to see the Greater Ones dance and 
howl above the clouds in the moonlight he never returned. The Other Gods were 
there, and they did what was expected. Zenig of Aphorat sought to reach 
unknown Kadath in the cold waste, and his skull is now set in a ring on the little 
finger of one whom I need not name. 

"But you, Randolph Carter, have braved all things of earth's dreamland, and 
burn still with the flame of quest. You came not as one curious, but as one 
seeking his due, nor have you failed ever in reverence toward the mild gods of 
earth. Yet have these gods kept you from the marvellous sunset city of your 
dreams, and wholly through their own small covetousness; for verily, they 
craved the weird loveliness of that which your fancy had fashioned, and vowed 
that henceforward no other spot should be their abode. 

"They are gone from their castle on unknown Kadath to dwell in your 
marvellous city. All through its palaces of veined marble they revel by day, and 
when the sun sets they go out in the perfumed gardens and watch the golden 
glory on temples and colonnades, arched bridges and silver-basined fountains, 
and wide streets with blossom-laden urns and ivory statues in gleaming rows. 
And when night comes they climb tall terraces in the dew, and sit on carved 
benches of porphyry scanning the stars, or lean over pale balustrades to gaze at 
the town's steep northward slopes, where one by one the little windows in old 
peaked gables shine softly out with the calm yellow light of homely candles. 

"The gods love your marvellous city, and walk no more in the ways of the gods. 
They have forgotten the high places of earth, and the mountains that knew their 
youth. The earth has no longer any gods that are gods, and only the Other Ones 
from outer space hold sway on unremembered Kadath. Far away in a valley of 
your own childhood, Randolph Carter, play the heedless Great Ones. You have 



510 



dreamed too well, O wise arch-dreamer, for you have drawn dream's gods away 
from the world of all men's visions to that which is wholly yours; having builded 
out of your boyhood's small fancies a city more lovely than all the phantoms that 
have gone before. 

"It is not well that earth's gods leave their thrones for the spider to spin on, and 
their realm for the Others to sway in the dark manner of Others. Fain would the 
powers from outside bring chaos and horror to you, Randolph Carter, who are 
the cause of their upsetting, but that they know it is by you alone that the gods 
may be sent back to their world. In that half-waking dreamland which is yours, 
no power of uttermost night may pursue; and only you can send the selfish Great 
Ones gently out of your marvellous sunset city, back through the northern 
twilight to their wonted place atop unknown Kadath in the cold waste. 

"So. Randolph Carter, in the name of the Other Gods I spare you and charge you 
to seek that sunset city which is yours, and to send thence the drowsy truant 
gods for whom the dream world waits. Not hard to find is that roseal fever of the 
gods, that fanfare of supernal trumpets and clash of immortal cymbals, that 
mystery whose place and meaning have haunted you through the halls of 
waking and the gulfs of dreaming, and tormented you with hints of vanished 
memory and the pain of lost things awesome and momentous. Not hard to find 
is that symbol and relic of your days of wonder, for truly, it is but the stable and 
eternal gem wherein all that wonder sparkles crystallised to light your evening 
path. Behold! It is not over unknown seas but back over well-known years that 
your quest must go; back to the bright strange things of infancy and the quick 
sun-drenched glimpses of magic that old scenes brought to wide young eyes. 

"For know you, that your gold and marble city of wonder is only the sum of 
what you have seen and loved in youth. It is the glory of Boston's hillside roofs 
and western windows aflame with sunset, of the flower-fragrant Common and 
the great dome on the hill and the tangle of gables and chimneys in the violet 
valley where the many-bridged Charles flows drowsily. These things you saw, 
Randolph Carter, when your nurse first wheeled you out in the springtime, and 
they will be the last things you will ever see with eyes of memory and of love. 
And there is antique Salem with its brooding years, and spectral Marblehead 
scaling its rocky precipices into past centuries! And the glory of Salem's towers 
and spires seen afar from Marblehead's pastures across the harbour against the 
setting sun. 

"There is Providence quaint and lordly on its seven hills over the blue harbour, 
with terraces of green leading up to steeples and citadels of living antiquity, and 
Newport climbing wraithlike from its dreaming breakwater. Arkham is there, 
with its moss-grown gambrel roofs and the rocky rolling meadows behind it; and 



511 



antediluvian Kingsport hoary with stacked chimneys and deserted quays and 
overhanging gables, and the marvel of high cliffs and the milky-misted ocean 
with tolling buoys beyond. 

"Cool vales in Concord, cobbled lands in Portsmouth, twilight bends of rustic 
New Hampshire roads where giant elms half hide white farmhouse walls and 
creaking well-sweeps. Gloucester's salt wharves and Truro's windy willows. 
Vistas of distant steepled towns and hills beyond hills along the North Shore, 
hushed stony slopes and low ivied cottages in the lee of huge boulders in Rhode 
Island's back country. Scent of the sea and fragrance of the fields; spell of the 
dark woods and joy of the orchards and gardens at dawn. These, Randolph 
Carter, are your city; for they are yourself. New England bore you, and into your 
soul she poured a liquid loveliness which cannot die. This loveliness, moulded, 
crystallised, and polished by years of memory and dreaming, is your terraced 
wonder of elusive sunsets; and to find that marble parapet with curious urns and 
carven rail, and descend at last these endless balustraded steps to the city of 
broad squares and prismatic fountains, you need only to turn back to the 
thoughts and visions of your wistful boyhood. 

"Look! through that window shine the stars of eternal night. Even now they are 
shining above the scenes you have known and cherished, drinking of their charm 
that they may shine more lovely over the gardens of dream. There is Antares-he 
is winking at this moment over the roofs of Tremont Street, and you could see 
him from your window on Beacon Hill. Out beyond those stars yawn the gulfs 
from whence my mindless masters have sent me. Some day you too may traverse 
them, but if you are wise you will beware such folly; for of those mortals who 
have been and returned, only one preserves a mind unshattered by the 
pounding, clawing horrors of the void. Terrors and blasphemies gnaw at one 
another for space, and there is more evil in the lesser ones than in the greater; 
even as you know from the deeds of those who sought to deliver you into my 
hands, whilst I myself harboured no wish to shatter you, and would indeed have 
helped you hither long ago had I not been elsewhere busy,and certain that you 
would yourself find the way. Shun then, the outer hells, and stick to the calm, 
lovely things of your youth. Seek out your marvellous city and drive thence the 
recreant Great Ones, sending them back gently to those scenes which are of their 
own youth, and which wait uneasy for their return. 

"Easier even then the way of dim memory is the way I will prepare for you. See! 
There comes hither a monstrous Shantak, led by a slave who for your peace of 
mind had best keep invisible. Mount and be ready - there! Yogash the Black will 
help you on the scaly horror. Steer for that brightest star just south of the zenith - 
it is Vega, and in two hours will be just above the terrace of your sunset city. 
Steer for it only till you hear a far-off singing in the high aether. Higher than that 



512 



lurks madness, so rein your Shantak when the first note lures. Look then back to 
earth, and you will see shining the deathless altar-flame of Ired-Naa from the 
sacred roof of a temple. That temple is in your desiderate sunset city, so steer for 
it before you heed the singing and are lost. 

"When you draw nigh the city steer for the same high parapet whence of old you 
scanned the outspread glory, prodding the Shantak till he cry aloud. That cry the 
Great Ones will hear and know as they sit on their perfumed terraces, and there 
will come upon them such a homesickness that all of your city's wonders will not 
console them for the absence of Kadath's grim castle and the pshent of eternal 
stars that crowns it. 

"Then must you land amongst them with the Shantak, and let them see and 
touch that noisome and hippocephalic bird; meanwhile discoursing to them of 
unknown Kadath, which you will so lately have left, and telling them how its 
boundless halls are lovely and unlighted, where of old they used to leap and 
revel in supernal radiance. And the Shantak will talk to them in the manner of 
Shantaks, but it will have no powers of persuasion beyond the recalling of elder 
days. 

"Over and over must you speak to the wandering Great Ones of their home and 
youth, till at last they will weep and ask to be shewn the returning path they 
have forgotten. Thereat can you loose the waiting Shantak, sending him skyward 
with the homing cry of his kind; hearing which the Great Ones will prance and 
jump with antique mirth, and forthwith stride after the loathly bird in the fashion 
of gods, through the deep gulfs of heaven to Kadath's familiar towers and 
domes. 

"Then will the marvellous sunset city be yours to cherish and inhabit for ever, 
and once more will earth's gods rule the dreams of men from their accustomed 
seat. Go now - the casement is open and the stars await outside. Already your 
Shantak wheezes and titters with impatience. Steer for Vega through the night, 
but turn when the singing sounds. Forget not this warning, lest horrors 
unthinkable suck you into the gulf of shrieking and ululant madness. Remember 
the Other Gods; they are great and mindless and terrible, and lurk in the outer 
voids. They are good gods to shun. 

"Hei! Aa-shanta 'nygh! You are off! Send back earth's gods to their haunts on 
unknown Kadath, and pray to all space that you may never meet me in my 
thousand other forms. Farewell, Randolph Carter, and beware; for I am 
Nyarlathotep, the Crawling Chaos." 



513 



And Randolph Carter, gasping and dizzy on his hideous Shantak, shot 
screamingly into space toward the cold blue glare of boreal Vega; looking but 
once behind him at the clustered and chaotic turrets of the onyx nightmare 
wherein still glowed the lone lurid light of that window above the air and the 
clouds of earth's dreamland. Great polypous horrors slid darkly past, and 
unseen bat wings beat multitudinous around him, but still he clung to the 
unwholesome mane of that loathly and hippocephalic scaled bird. The stars 
danced mockingly, almost shifting now and then to form pale signs of doom that 
one might wonder one had not seen and feared before; and ever the winds of 
nether howled of vague blackness and loneliness beyond the cosmos. 

Then through the glittering vault ahead there fell a hush of portent, and all the 
winds and horrors slunk away as night things slink away before the dawn. 
Trembling in waves that golden wisps of nebula made weirdly visible, there rose 
a timid hint of far-off melody, droning in faint chords that our own universe of 
stars knows not. And as that music grew, the Shantak raised its ears and plunged 
ahead, and Carter likewise bent to catch each lovely strain. It was a song, but not 
the song of any voice. Night and the spheres sang it, and it was old when space 
and Nyarlathotep and the Other Gods were born. 

Faster flew the Shantak, and lower bent the rider, drunk with the marvel of 
strange gulfs, and whirling in the crystal coils of outer magic. Then came too late 
the warning of the evil one, the sardonic caution of the daemon legate who had 
bidden the seeker beware the madness of that song. Only to taunt had 
Nyarlathotep marked out the way to safety and the marvellous sunset city; only 
to mock had that black messenger revealed the secret of these truant gods whose 
steps he could so easily lead back at will. For madness and the void's wild 
vengeance are Nyarlathotep's only gifts to the presumptuous; and frantick 
though the rider strove to turn his disgusting steed, that leering, tittering Shantak 
coursed on impetuous and relentless, flapping its great slippery wings in 
malignant joy and headed for those unhallowed pits whither no dreams reach; 
that last amorphous blight of nether-most confusion where bubbles and 
blasphemes at infinity's centre the mindless daemon-sultan Azathoth, whose 
name no lips dare speak aloud. 

Unswerving and obedient to the foul legate's orders, that hellish bird plunged 
onward through shoals of shapeless lurkers and caperers in darkness, and 
vacuous herds of drifting entities that pawed and groped and groped and 
pawed; the nameless larvae of the Other Gods, that are like them blind and 
without mind, and possessed of singular hungers and thirsts 

Onward unswerving and relentless, and tittering hilariously to watch the 
chuckling and hysterics into which the risen song of night and the spheres had 



514 



turned, that eldritch scaly monster bore its helpless rider; hurtling and shooting, 
cleaving the uttermost rim and spanning the outermost abysses; leaving behind 
the stars and the realms of matter, and darting meteor-like through stark 
formlessness toward those inconceivable, unlighted chambers beyond time 
wherein Azathoth gnaws shapeless and ravenous amidst the muffled, 
maddening beat of vile drums and the thin, monotonous whine of accursed 
flutes. 

Onward - onward - through the screaming, cackling, and blackly populous gulfs 
- and then from some dim blessed distance there came an image and a thought to 
Randolph Carter the doomed. Too well had Nyarlathotep planned his mocking 
and his tantalising, for he had brought up that which no gusts of icy terror could 
quite efface. Home - New England - Beacon Hill - the waking world. 

"For know you, that your gold and marble city of wonder is only the sum of 
what you have seen and loved in youth. . . the glory of Boston's hillside roofs and 
western windows aflame with sunset; of the flower-fragrant Common and the 
great dome on the hill and the tangle of gables and chimneys in the violet valley 
where the many -bridged Charles flows drowsily... this loveliness, moulded, 
crystallised, and polished by years of memory and dreaming, is your terraced 
wonder of elusive sunsets; and to find that marble parapet with curious urns and 
carven rail, and descend at last those endless balustraded steps to the city of 
broad squares and prismatic fountains, you need only to turn back to the 
thoughts and visions of your wistful boyhood." 

Onward - onward - dizzily onward to ultimate doom through the blackness 
where sightless feelers pawed and slimy snouts jostled and nameless things 
tittered and tittered and tittered. But the image and the thought had come, and 
Randolph Carter knew clearly that he was dreaming and only dreaming, and 
that somewhere in the background the world of waking and the city of his 
infancy still lay. Words came again - "You need only turn back to the thoughts 
and visions of your wistful boyhood." Turn - turn - blackness on every side, but 
Randolph Carter could turn. 

Thick though the rushing nightmare that clutched his senses, Randolph Carter 
could turn and move. He could move, and if he chose he could leap off the evil 
Shantak that bore him hurtlingly doomward at the orders of Nyarlathotep. He 
could leap off and dare those depths of night that yawned interminably down, 
those depths of fear whose terrors yet could not exceed the nameless doom that 
lurked waiting at chaos' core. He could turn and move and leap - he could - he 
would - he would - he would. 



515 



Off that vast hippocephalic abomination leaped the doomed and desperate 
dreamer, and down through endless voids of sentient blackness he fell. Aeons 
reeled, universes died and were born again, stars became nebulae and nebulae 
became stars, and still Randolph Carter fell through those endless voids of 
sentient blackness. 

Then in the slow creeping course of eternity the utmost cycle of the cosmos 
churned itself into another futile completion, and all things became again as they 
were unreckoned kalpas before. Matter and light were born anew as space once 
had known them; and comets, suns and worlds sprang flaming into life, though 
nothing survived to tell that they had been and gone, been and gone, always and 
always, back to no first beginning. 

And there was a firmament again, and a wind, and a glare of purple light in the 
eyes of the falling dreamer. There were gods and presences and wills; beauty and 
evil, and the shrieking of noxious night robbed of its prey. For through the 
unknown ultimate cycle had lived a thought and a vision of a dreamer's 
boyhood, and now there were remade a waking world and an old cherished city 
to body and to justify these things. Out of the void S'ngac the violet gas had 
pointed the way, and archaic Nodens was bellowing his guidance from unhinted 
deeps. 

Stars swelled to dawns, and dawns burst into fountains of gold, carmine, and 
purple, and still the dreamer fell. Cries rent the aether as ribbons of light beat 
back the fiends from outside. And hoary Nodens raised a howl of triumph when 
Nyarlathotep, close on his quarry, stopped baffled by a glare that seared his 
formless hunting-horrors to grey dust. Randolph Carter had indeed descended at 
last the wide marmoreal flights to his marvellous city, for he was come again to 
the fair New England world that had wrought him. 

So to the organ chords of morning's myriad whistles, and dawn's blaze thrown 
dazzling through purple panes by the great gold dome of the State House on the 
hill, Randolph Carter leaped shoutingly awake within his Boston room. Birds 
sang in hidden gardens and the perfume of trellised vines came wistful from 
arbours his grandfather had reared. Beauty and light glowed from classic mantel 
and carven cornice and walls grotesquely figured, while a sleek black cat rose 
yawning from hearthside sleep that his master's start and shriek had disturbed. 
And vast infinities away, past the Gate of Deeper Slumber and the enchanted 
wood and the garden lands and the Cerenarian Sea and the twilight reaches of 
Inquanok, the crawling chaos Nyarlathotep strode brooding into the onyx castle 
atop unknown Kadath in the cold waste, and taunted insolently the mild gods of 
earth whom he had snatched abruptly from their scented revels in the 
marvellous sunset city. 



516 



517 



The Dunwich Horror 

Written in 1928 

Published in April 1929 in Weird Tales 

Gorgons and Hydras, and Chimaeras - dire stories of Celaeno and the Harpies - 
may reproduce themselves in the brain of superstition - but they were there 
before. They are transcripts, types - the archtypes are in us, and eternal. How else 
should the recital of that which we know in a waking sense to be false come to 
affect us all? Is it that we naturally conceive terror from such objects, considered 
in their capacity of being able to inflict upon us bodily injury? O, least of all! 
These terrors are of older standing. They date beyond body - or without the 
body, they would have been the same... That the kind of fear here treated is 
purely spiritual - that it is strong in proportion as it is objectless on earth, that it 
predominates in the period of our sinless infancy - are difficulties the solution of 
which might afford some probable insight into our ante-mundane condition, and 
a peep at least into the shadowland of pre-existence. 

- Charles Lamb: Witches and Other Night-Fears 



When a traveller in north central Massachusetts takes the wrong fork at the 
junction of Aylesbury pike just beyond Dean's Corners he comes upon a lonely 
and curious country. 

The ground gets higher, and the brier-bordered stone walls press closer and 
closer against the ruts of the dusty, curving road. The trees of the frequent forest 
belts seem too large, and the wild weeds, brambles and grasses attain a 
luxuriance not often found in settled regions. At the same time the planted fields 
appear singularly few and barren; while the sparsely scattered houses wear a 
surprisingly uniform aspect of age, squalor, and dilapidation. 

Without knowing why, one hesitates to ask directions from the gnarled solitary 
figures spied now and then on crumbling doorsteps or on the sloping, rock- 
strewn meadows. Those figures are so silent and furtive that one feels somehow 
confronted by forbidden things, with which it would be better to have nothing to 
do. When a rise in the road brings the mountains in view above the deep woods, 
the feeling of strange uneasiness is increased. The summits are too rounded and 
symmetrical to give a sense of comfort and naturalness, and sometimes the sky 
silhouettes with especial clearness the queer circles of tall stone pillars with 
which most of them are crowned. 



518 



Gorges and ravines of problematical depth intersect the way, and the crude 
wooden bridges always seem of dubious safety. When the road dips again there 
are stretches of marshland that one instinctively dislikes, and indeed almost fears 
at evening when unseen whippoorwills chatter and the fireflies come out in 
abnormal profusion to dance to the raucous, creepily insistent rhythms of 
stridently piping bull-frogs. The thin, shining line of the Miskatonic's upper 
reaches has an oddly serpent-like suggestion as it winds close to the feet of the 
domed hills among which it rises. 

As the hills draw nearer, one heeds their wooded sides more than their stone- 
crowned tops. Those sides loom up so darkly and precipitously that one wishes 
they would keep their distance, but there is no road by which to escape them. 
Across a covered bridge one sees a small village huddled between the stream 
and the vertical slope of Round Mountain, and wonders at the cluster of rotting 
gambrel roofs bespeaking an earlier architectural period than that of the 
neighbouring region. It is not reassuring to see, on a closer glance, that most of 
the houses are deserted and falling to ruin, and that the broken-steepled church 
now harbours the one slovenly mercantile establishment of the hamlet. One 
dreads to trust the tenebrous tunnel of the bridge, yet there is no way to avoid it. 
Once across, it is hard to prevent the impression of a faint, malign odour about 
the village street, as of the massed mould and decay of centuries. It is always a 
relief to get clear of the place, and to follow the narrow road around the base of 
the hills and across the level country beyond till it rejoins the Aylesbury pike. 
Afterwards one sometimes learns that one has been through Dunwich. 

Outsiders visit Dunwich as seldom as possible, and since a certain season of 
horror all the signboards pointing towards it have been taken down. The 
scenery, judged by an ordinary aesthetic canon, is more than commonly 
beautiful; yet there is no influx of artists or summer tourists. Two centuries ago, 
when talk of witch-blood, Satan-worship, and strange forest presences was not 
laughed at, it was the custom to give reasons for avoiding the locality. In our 
sensible age - since the Dunwich horror of 1928 was hushed up by those who had 
the town's and the world's welfare at heart - people shun it without knowing 
exactly why. Perhaps one reason - though it cannot apply to uninformed 
strangers - is that the natives are now repellently decadent, having gone far along 
that path of retrogression so common in many New England backwaters. They 
have come to form a race by themselves, with the well-defined mental and 
physical stigmata of degeneracy and inbreeding. The average of their intelligence 
is woefully low, whilst their annals reek of overt viciousness and of half-hidden 
murders, incests, and deeds of almost unnameable violence and perversity. The 
old gentry, representing the two or three armigerous families which came from 
Salem in 1692, have kept somewhat above the general level of decay; though 
many branches are sunk into the sordid populace so deeply that only their names 



519 



remain as a key to the origin they disgrace. Some of the Whateleys and Bishops 
still send their eldest sons to Harvard and Miskatonic, though those sons seldom 
return to the mouldering gambrel roofs under which they and their ancestors 
were born. 

No one, even those who have the facts concerning the recent horror, can say just 
what is the matter with Dunwich; though old legends speak of unhallowed rites 
and conclaves of the Indians, amidst which they called forbidden shapes of 
shadow out of the great rounded hills, and made wild orgiastic prayers that were 
answered by loud crackings and rumblings from the ground below. In 1747 the 
Reverend Abijah Hoadley, newly come to the Congregational Church at 
Dunwich Village, preached a memorable sermon on the close presence of Satan 
and his imps; in which he said: 

"It must be allow'd, that these Blasphemies of an infernall Train of Daemons are 
Matters of too common Knowledge to be deny'd; the cursed Voices of Azazel 
and Buzrael, of Beelzebub and Belial, being heard now from under Ground by 
above a Score of credible Witnesses now living. I myself did not more than a 
Fortnight ago catch a very plain Discourse of evill Powers in the Hill behind my 
House; wherein there were a Rattling and Rolling, Groaning, Screeching, and 
Hissing, such as no Things of this Earth could raise up, and which must needs 
have come from those Caves that only black Magick can discover, and only the 
Divell unlock". 

Mr. Hoadley disappeared soon after delivering this sermon, but the text, printed 
in Springfield, is still extant. Noises in the hills continued to be reported from 
year to year, and still form a puzzle to geologists and physiographers. 

Other traditions tell of foul odours near the hill-crowning circles of stone pillars, 
and of rushing airy presences to be heard faintly at certain hours from stated 
points at the bottom of the great ravines; while still others try to explain the 
Devil's Hop Yard - a bleak, blasted hillside where no tree, shrub, or grass-blade 
will grow. Then, too, the natives are mortally afraid of the numerous 
whippoorwills which grow vocal on warm nights. It is vowed that the birds are 
psychopomps lying in wait for the souls of the dying, and that they time their 
eerie cries in unison with the sufferer's struggling breath. If they can catch the 
fleeing soul when it leaves the body, they instantly flutter away chittering in 
daemoniac laughter; but if they fail, they subside gradually into a disappointed 
silence. 

These tales, of course, are obsolete and ridiculous; because they come down from 
very old times. Dunwich is indeed ridiculously old - older by far than any of the 
communities within thirty miles of it. South of the village one may still spy the 



520 



cellar walls and chimney of the ancient Bishop house, which was built before 
1700; whilst the ruins of the mill at the falls, built in 1806, form the most modern 
piece of architecture to be seen. Industry did not flourish here, and the 
nineteenth-century factory movement proved short-lived. Oldest of all are the 
great rings of rough-hewn stone columns on the hilltops, but these are more 
generally attributed to the Indians than to the settlers. Deposits of skulls and 
bones, found within these circles and around the sizeable table-like rock on 
Sentinel Hill, sustain the popular belief that such spots were once the burial- 
places of the Pocumtucks; even though many ethnologists, disregarding the 
absurd improbability of such a theory, persist in believing the remains 
Caucasian. 

II. 

It was in the township of Dunwich, in a large and partly inhabited farmhouse set 
against a hillside four miles from the village and a mile and a half from any other 
dwelling, that Wilbur Whateley was born at 5 a.m. on Sunday, the second of 
February, 1913. This date was recalled because it was Candlemas, which people 
in Dunwich curiously observe under another name; and because the noises in the 
hills had sounded, and all the dogs of the countryside had barked persistently, 
throughout the night before. Less worthy of notice was the fact that the mother 
was one of the decadent Whateleys, a somewhat deformed, unattractive albino 
woman of thirty-five, living with an aged and half-insane father about whom the 
most frightful tales of wizardry had been whispered in his youth. Lavinia 
Whateley had no known husband, but according to the custom of the region 
made no attempt to disavow the child; concerning the other side of whose 
ancestry the country folk might - and did - speculate as widely as they chose. On 
the contrary, she seemed strangely proud of the dark, goatish-looking infant who 
formed such a contrast to her own sickly and pink-eyed albinism, and was heard 
to mutter many curious prophecies about its unusual powers and tremendous 
future. 

Lavinia was one who would be apt to mutter such things, for she was a lone 
creature given to wandering amidst thunderstorms in the hills and trying to read 
the great odorous books which her father had inherited through two centuries of 
Whateleys, and which were fast falling to pieces with age and wormholes. She 
had never been to school, but was filled with disjointed scraps of ancient lore 
that Old Whateley had taught her. The remote farmhouse had always been 
feared because of Old Whateley's reputation for black magic, and the 
unexplained death by violence of Mrs Whateley when Lavinia was twelve years 
old had not helped to make the place popular. Isolated among strange 
influences, Lavinia was fond of wild and grandiose day-dreams and singular 



521 



occupations; nor was her leisure much taken up by household cares in a home 
from which all standards of order and cleanliness had long since disappeared. 

There was a hideous screaming which echoed above even the hill noises and the 
dogs' barking on the night Wilbur was born, but no known doctor or midwife 
presided at his coming. Neighbours knew nothing of him till a week afterward, 
when Old Wateley drove his sleigh through the snow into Dunwich Village and 
discoursed incoherently to the group of loungers at Osborne's general store. 
There seemed to be a change in the old man - an added element of furtiveness in 
the clouded brain which subtly transformed him from an object to a subject of 
fear - though he was not one to be perturbed by any common family event. 
Amidst it all he showed some trace of the pride later noticed in his daughter, and 
what he said of the child's paternity was remembered by many of his hearers 
years afterward. 

'I dun't keer what folks think - ef Lavinny's boy looked like his pa, he wouldn't 
look like nothin' ye expeck. Ye needn't think the only folks is the folks 
hereabouts. Lavinny's read some, an' has seed some things the most o' ye only 
tell abaout. I calc'late her man is as good a husban' as ye kin find this side of 
Aylesbury; an' ef ye knowed as much abaout the hills as I dew, ye wouldn't ast 
no better church weddin' nor her'n. Let me tell ye suthin - some day yew folks'U 
hear a child o' Lavinny's a-callin' its father's name on the top o' Sentinel Hill!' 

The only person who saw Wilbur during the first month of his life were old 
Zechariah Whateley, of the undecayed Whateleys, and Earl Sawyer's common- 
law wife, Mamie Bishop. Mamie's visit was frankly one of curiosity, and her 
subsequent tales did justice to her observations; but Zechariah came to lead a 
pair of Alderney cows which Old Whateley had bought of his son Curtis. This 
marked the beginning of a course of cattle-buying on the part of small Wilbur's 
family which ended only in 1928, when the Dunwich horror came and went; yet 
at no time did the ramshackle Wateley barn seem overcrowded with livestock. 
There came a period when people were curious enough to steal up and count the 
herd that grazed precariously on the steep hillside above the old farm-house, and 
they could never find more than ten or twelve anaemic, bloodless-looking 
specimens. Evidently some blight or distemper, perhaps sprung from the 
unwholesome pasturage or the diseased fungi and timbers of the filthy barn, 
caused a heavy mortality amongst the Whateley animals. Odd wounds or sores, 
having something of the aspect of incisions, seemed to afflict the visible cattle; 
and once or twice during the earlier months certain callers fancied they could 
discern similar sores about the throats of the grey, unshaven old man and his 
slatternly, crinkly-haired albino daughter. 



522 



In the spring after Wilbur's birth Lavinia resumed her customary rambles in the 
hills, bearing in her misproportioned arms the swarthy child. Public interest in 
the Whateleys subsided after most of the country folk had seen the baby, and no 
one bothered to comment on the swift development which that newcomer 
seemed every day to exhibit. Wilbur's growth was indeed phenomenal, for 
within three months of his birth he had attained a size and muscular power not 
usually found in infants under a full year of age. His motions and even his vocal 
sounds showed a restraint and deliberateness highly peculiar in an infant, and no 
one was really unprepared when, at seven months, he began to walk unassisted, 
with falterings which another month was sufficient to remove. 

It was somewhat after this time - on Hallowe'en - that a great blaze was seen at 
midnight on the top of Sentinel Hill where the old table-like stone stands amidst 
its tumulus of ancient bones. Considerable talk was started when Silas Bishop - 
of the undecayed Bishops - mentioned having seen the boy running sturdily up 
that hill ahead of his mother about an hour before the blaze was remarked. Silas 
was rounding up a stray heifer, but he nearly forgot his mission when he 
fleetingly spied the two figures in the dim light of his lantern. They darted 
almost noiselessly through the underbrush, and the astonished watcher seemed 
to think they were entirely unclothed. Afterwards he could not be sure about the 
boy, who may have had some kind of a fringed belt and a pair of dark trunks or 
trousers on. Wilbur was never subsequently seen alive and conscious without 
complete and tightly buttoned attire, the disarrangement or threatened 
disarrangement of which always seemed to fill him with anger and alarm. His 
contrast with his squalid mother and grandfather in this respect was thought 
very notable until the horror of 1928 suggested the most valid of reasons. 

The next January gossips were mildly interested in the fact that 'Lavinny's black 
brat' had commenced to talk, and at the age of only eleven months. His speech 
was somewhat remarkable both because of its difference from the ordinary 
accents of the region, and because it displayed a freedom from infantile lisping of 
which many children of three or four might well be proud. The boy was not 
talkative, yet when he spoke he seemed to reflect some elusive element wholly 
unpossessed by Dunwich and its denizens. The strangeness did not reside in 
what he said, or even in the simple idioms he used; but seemed vaguely linked 
with his intonation or with the internal organs that produced the spoken sounds. 
His facial aspect, too, was remarkable for its maturity; for though he shared his 
mother's and grandfather's chinlessness, his firm and precociously shaped nose 
united with the expression of his large, dark, almost Latin eyes to give him an air 
of quasi-adulthood and well-nigh preternatural intelligence. He was, however, 
exceedingly ugly despite his appearance of brilliancy; there being something 
almost goatish or animalistic about his thick lips, large-pored, yellowish skin, 
coarse crinkly hair, and oddly elongated ears. He was soon disliked even more 



523 



decidedly than his mother and grandsire, and all conjectures about him were 
spiced with references to the bygone magic of Old Whateley, and how the hills 
once shook when he shrieked the dreadful name of Yog-Sothoth in the midst of a 
circle of stones with a great book open in his arms before him. Dogs abhorred the 
boy, and he was always obliged to take various defensive measures against their 
barking menace. 

III. 

Meanwhile Old Whateley continued to buy cattle without measurably increasing 
the size of his herd. He also cut timber and began to repair the unused parts of 
his house - a spacious, peak-roofed affair whose rear end was buried entirely in 
the rocky hillside, and whose three least-ruined ground-floor rooms had always 
been sufficient for himself and his daughter. 

There must have been prodigious reserves of strength in the old man to enable 
him to accomplish so much hard labour; and though he still babbled dementedly 
at times, his carpentry seemed to show the effects of sound calculation. It had 
already begun as soon as Wilbur was born, when one of the many tool sheds had 
been put suddenly in order, clapboarded, and fitted with a stout fresh lock. Now, 
in restoring the abandoned upper storey of the house, he was a no less thorough 
craftsman. His mania showed itself only in his tight boarding-up of all the 
windows in the reclaimed section - though many declared that it was a crazy 
thing to bother with the reclamation at all. 

Less inexplicable was his fitting up of another downstairs room for his new 
grandson - a room which several callers saw, though no one was ever admitted 
to the closely-boarded upper storey. This chamber he lined with tall, firm 
shelving, along which he began gradually to arrange, in apparently careful order, 
all the rotting ancient books and parts of books which during his own day had 
been heaped promiscuously in odd corners of the various rooms. 

'I made some use of 'em,' he would say as he tried to mend a torn black-letter 
page with paste prepared on the rusty kitchen stove, 'but the boy's fitten to make 
better use of 'em. He'd orter hev 'em as well so as he kin, for they're goin' to be 
all of his larnin'.' 

When Wilbur was a year and seven months old - in September of 1914 - his size 
and accomplishments were almost alarming. He had grown as large as a child of 
four, and was a fluent and incredibly intelligent talker. He ran freely about the 
fields and hills, and accompanied his mother on all her wanderings. At home he 
would pore dilligently over the queer pictures and charts in his grandfather's 
books, while Old Whateley would instruct and catechize him through long. 



524 



hushed afternoons. By this time the restoration of the house was finished, and 
those who watched it wondered why one of the upper windows had been made 
into a sohd plank door. It was a window in the rear of the east gable end, close 
against the hill; and no one could imagine why a cleated wooden runway was 
built up to it from the ground. About the period of this work's completion people 
noticed that the old tool-house, tightly locked and windowlessly clapboarded 
since Wilbur's birth, had been abandoned again. The door swung listlessly open, 
and when Earl Sawyer once stepped within after a cattle-selling call on Old 
Whateley he was quite discomposed by the singular odour he encountered - such 
a stench, he averred, as he had never before smelt in all his life except near the 
Indian circles on the hills, and which could not come from anything sane or of 
this earth. But then, the homes and sheds of Dunwich folk have never been 
remarkable for olfactory immaculateness. 

The following months were void of visible events, save that everyone swore to a 
slow but steady increase in the mysterious hill noises. On May Eve of 1915 there 
were tremors which even the Aylesbury people felt, whilst the following 
Hallowe'en produced an underground rumbling queerly synchronized with 
bursts of flame - 'them witch Whateleys' doin's' - from the summit of Sentinel 
Hill. Wilbur was growing up uncannily, so that he looked like a boy of ten as he 
entered his fourth year. He read avidly by himself now; but talked much less 
than formerly. A settled taciturnity was absorbing him, and for the first time 
people began to speak specifically of the dawning look of evil in his goatish face. 
He would sometimes mutter an unfamiliar jargon, and chant in bizarre rhythms 
which chilled the listener with a sense of unexplainable terror. The aversion 
displayed towards him by dogs had now become a matter of wide remark, and 
he was obliged to carry a pistol in order to traverse the countryside in safety. His 
occasional use of the weapon did not enhance his popularity amongst the owners 
of canine guardians. 

The few callers at the house would often find Lavinia alone on the ground floor, 
while odd cries and footsteps resounded in the boarded-up second storey. She 
would never tell what her father and the boy were doing up there, though once 
she turned pale and displayed an abnormal degree of fear when a jocose fish- 
pedlar tried the locked door leading to the stairway. That pedlar told the store 
loungers at Dunwich Village that he thought he heard a horse stamping on that 
floor above. The loungers reflected, thinking of the door and runway, and of the 
cattle that so swiftly disappeared. Then they shuddered as they recalled tales of 
Old Whateley's youth, and of the strange things that are called out of the earth 
when a bullock is sacrificed at the proper time to certain heathen gods. It had for 
some time been noticed that dogs had begun to hate and fear the whole 
Whateley place as violently as they hated and feared young Wilbur personally. 



525 



In 1917 the war came, and Squire Sawyer Whateley, as chairman of the local draft 
board, had hard work finding a quota of young Dunwich men fit even to be sent 
to development camp. The government, alarmed at such signs of wholesale 
regional decadence, sent several officers and medical experts to investigate; 
conducting a survey which New England newspaper readers may still recall. It 
was the publicity attending this investigation which set reporters on the track of 
the Whateleys, and caused the Boston Globe and Arkham Advertiser to print 
flamboyant Sunday stories of young Wilbur's precociousness. Old Whateley's 
black magic, and the shelves of strange books, the sealed second storey of the 
ancient farmhouse, and the weirdness of the whole region and its hill noises. 
Wilbur was four and a half then, and looked like a lad of fifteen. His lips and 
cheeks were fuzzy with a coarse dark down, and his voice had begun to break. 

Earl Sawyer went out to the Whateley place with both sets of reporters and 
camera men, and called their attention to the queer stench which now seemed to 
trickle down from the sealed upper spaces. It was, he said, exactly like a smell he 
had found in the toolshed abandoned when the house was finally repaired; and 
like the faint odours which he sometimes thought he caught near the stone circle 
on the mountains. Dunwich folk read the stories when they appeared, and 
grinned over the obvious mistakes. They wondered, too, why the writers made 
so much of the fact that Old Whateley always paid for his cattle in gold pieces of 
extremely ancient date. The Whateleys had received their visitors with ill- 
concealed distaste, though they did not dare court further publicity by a violent 
resistance or refusal to talk. 

IV. 

For a decade the annals of the Whateleys sink indistinguishably into the general 
life of a morbid community used to their queer ways and hardened to their May 
Eve and All-Hallows orgies. Twice a year they would light fires on the top of 
Sentinel Hill, at which times the mountain rumblings would recur with greater 
and greater violence; while at all seasons there were strange and portentous 
doings at the lonely farm-house. In the course of time callers professed to hear 
sounds in the sealed upper storey even when all the family were downstairs, and 
they wondered how swiftly or how lingeringly a cow or bullock was usually 
sacrificed. There was talk of a complaint to the Society for the Prevention of 
Cruelty to Animals but nothing ever came of it, since Dunwich folk are never 
anxious to call the outside world's attention to themselves. 

About 1923, when Wilbur was a boy of ten whose mind, voice, stature, and 
bearded face gave all the impressions of maturity, a second great siege of 
carpentry went on at the old house. It was all inside the sealed upper part, and 
from bits of discarded lumber people concluded that the youth and his 



526 



grandfather had knocked out all the partitions and even removed the attic floor, 
leaving only one vast open void between the ground storey and the peaked roof. 
They had torn down the great central chimney, too, and fitted the rusty range 
with a flimsy outside tin stove-pipe. 

In the spring after this event Old Whateley noticed the growing number of 
whippoorwills that would come out of Cold Spring Glen to chirp under his 
window at night. He seemed to regard the circumstance as one of great 
significance, and told the loungers at Osborn's that he thought his time had 
almost come. 

'They whistle jest in tune with my breathin' naow,' he said, 'an' I guess they're 
gittin' ready to ketch my soul. They know it's a-goin' aout, an' dun't calc'late to 
miss it. Yew'll know, boys, arter I'm gone, whether they git me er not. Ef they 
dew, they'll keep up a-singin' an' laffin' till break o' day. Ef they dun't they'll 
kinder quiet daown like. I expeck them an' the souls they hunts fer hev some 
pretty tough tussles sometimes.' 

On Lammas Night, 1924, Dr Houghton of Aylesbury was hastily summoned by 
Wilbur Whateley, who had lashed his one remaining horse through the darkness 
and telephoned from Osborn's in the village. He found Old Whateley in a very 
grave state, with a cardiac action and stertorous breathing that told of an end not 
far off. The shapeless albino daughter and oddly bearded grandson stood by the 
bedside, whilst from the vacant abyss overhead there came a disquieting 
suggestion of rhythmical surging or lapping, as of the waves on some level 
beach. The doctor, though, was chiefly disturbed by the chattering night birds 
outside; a seemingly limitless legion of whippoorwills that cried their endless 
message in repetitions timed diabolically to the wheezing gasps of the dying 
man. It was uncanny and unnatural - too much, thought Dr Houghton, like the 
whole of the region he had entered so reluctantly in response to the urgent call. 

Towards one o'clock Old Whateley gained consciousness, and interrupted his 
wheezing to choke out a few words to his grandson. 

'More space, Willy, more space soon. Yew grows - an' that grows faster. It'll be 
ready to serve ye soon, boy. Open up the gates to Yog-Sothoth with the long 
chant that ye'U find on page 751 of the complete edition, an' then put a match to 
the prison. Fire from airth can't burn it nohaow.' 

He was obviously quite mad. After a pause, during which the flock of 
whippoorwills outside adjusted their cries to the altered tempo while some 
indications of the strange hill noises came from afar off, he added another 
sentence or two. 



527 



'Feed it reg'lar, Willy, an' mind the quantity; but dun't let it grow too fast fer the 
place, fer ef it busts quarters or gits aout afore ye opens to Yog-Sothoth, it's all 
over an' no use. Only them from beyont kin make it multiply an' work... Only 
them, the old uns as wants to come back. . .' 

But speech gave place to gasps again, and Lavinia screamed at the way the 
whippoorwills followed the change. It was the same for more than an hour, 
when the final throaty rattle came. Dr Houghton drew shrunken lids over the 
glazing grey eyes as the tumult of birds faded imperceptibly to silence. Lavinia 
sobbed, but Wilbur only chuckled whilst the hill noises rumbled faintly. 

'They didn't git him,' he muttered in his heavy bass voice. 

Wilbur was by this time a scholar of really tremendous erudition in his one-sided 
way, and was quietly known by correspondence to many librarians in distant 
places where rare and forbidden books of old days are kept. He was more and 
more hated and dreaded around Dunwich because of certain youthful 
disappearances which suspicion laid vaguely at his door; but was always able to 
silence inquiry through fear or through use of that fund of old-time gold which 
still, as in his grandfather's time, went forth regularly and increasingly for cattle- 
buying. He was now tremendously mature of aspect, and his height, having 
reached the normal adult limit, seemed inclined to wax beyond that figure. In 
1925, when a scholarly correspondent from Miskatonic University called upon 
him one day and departed pale and puzzled, he was fully six and three-quarters 
feet tall. 

Through all the years Wilbur had treated his half-deformed albino mother with a 
growing contempt, finally forbidding her to go to the hills with him on May Eve 
and Hallowmass; and in 1926 the poor creature complained to Mamie Bishop of 
being afraid of him. 

'They's more abaout him as I knows than I kin tell ye, Mamie,' she said, 'an' 
naowadays they's more nor what I know myself. I vaow afur Gawd, I dun't 
know what he wants nor what he's a-tryin' to dew.' 

That Hallowe'en the hill noises sounded louder than ever, and fire burned on 
Sentinel Hill as usual; but people paid more attention to the rhythmical 
screaming of vast flocks of unnaturally belated whippoorwills which seemed to 
be assembled near the unlighted Whateley farmhouse. After midnight their shrill 
notes burst into a kind of pandemoniac cachinnation which filled all the 
countryside, and not until dawn did they finally quiet down. Then they 
vanished, hurrying southward where they were fully a month overdue. What 
this meant, no one could quite be certain till later. None of the countryfolk 



528 



seemed to have died - but poor Lavinia Whateley, the twisted albino, was never 
seen again. 

In the summer of 1927 Wilbur repaired two sheds in the farmyard and began 
moving his books and effects out to them. Soon afterwards Earl Sawyer told the 
loungers at Osborn's that more carpentry was going on in the Whateley 
farmhouse. Wilbur was closing all the doors and windows on the ground floor, 
and seemed to be taking out partitions as he and his grandfather had done 
upstairs four years before. He was living in one of the sheds, and Sawyer thought 
he seemed unusually worried and tremulous. People generally suspected him of 
knowing something about his mother disappearance, and very few ever 
approached his neighbourhood now. His height had increased to more than 
seven feet, and showed no signs of ceasing its development. 

V. 

The following winter brought an event no less strange than Wilbur's first trip 
outside the Dunwich region. Correspondence with the Widener Library at 
Harvard, the Bibliotheque Nationale in Paris, the British Museum, the University 
of Buenos Ayres, and the Library of Miskatonic University at Arkham had failed 
to get him the loan of a book he desperately wanted; so at length he set out in 
person, shabby, dirty, bearded, and uncouth of dialect, to consult the copy at 
Miskatonic, which was the nearest to him geographically. Almost eight feet tall, 
and carrying a cheap new valise from Osborne's general store, this dark and 
goatish gargoyle appeared one day in Arkham in quest of the dreaded volume 
kept under lock and key at the college library - the hideous Necronomicon of the 
mad Arab Abdul Alhazred in Olaus Wormius' Latin version, as printed in Spain 
in the seventeenth century. He had never seen a city before, but had no thought 
save to find his way to the university grounds; where indeed, he passed 
heedlessly by the great white-fanged watchdog that barked with unnatural fury 
and enmity, and tugged frantically at its stout chaim. 

Wilbur had with him the priceless but imperfect copy of Dr Dee's English 
version which his grandfather had bequeathed him, and upon receiving access to 
the Latin copy he at once began to collate the two texts with the aim of 
discovering a certain passage which would have come on the 751st page of his 
own defective volume. This much he could not civilly refrain from telling the 
librarian - the same erudite Henry Armitage (A.M. Miskatonic, Ph.D. Princeton, 
Litt.D. Johns Hopkins) who had once called at the farm, and who now politely 
plied him with questions. He was looking, he had to admit, for a kind of formula 
or incantation containing the frightful name Yog-Sothoth, and it puzzled him to 
find discrepancies, duplications, and ambiguities which made the matter of 
determination far from easy. As he copied the formula he finally chose, Dr 



529 



Armitage looked involuntarily over his shoulder at the open pages; the left-hand 
one of which, in the Latin version, contained such monstrous threats to the peace 
and sanity of the world. 

Nor is it to be thought (ran the text as Armitage mentally translated it) that man 
is either the oldest or the last of earth's masters, or that the common bulk of life 
and substance walks alone. The Old Ones were, the Old Ones are, and the Old 
Ones shall be. Not in the spaces we know, but between them, they walk serene 
and primal, undimensioned and to us unseen. Yog-Sothoth knows the gate. Yog- 
Sothoth is the gate. Yog-Sothoth is the key and guardian of the gate. Past, 
present, future, all are one in Yog-Sothoth. He knows where the Old Ones broke 
through of old, and where They shall break through again. He knows where 
They had trod earth's fields, and where They still tread them, and why no one 
can behold Them as They tread. By Their smell can men sometimes know Them 
near, but of Their semblance can no man know, saving only in the features of 
those They have begotten on mankind; and of those are there many sorts, 
differing in likeness from man's truest eidolon to that shape without sight or 
substance which is Them. They walk unseen and foul in lonely places where the 
Words have been spoken and the Rites howled through at their Seasons. The 
wind gibbers with Their voices, and the earth mutters with Their consciousness. 
They bend the forest and crush the city, yet may not forest or city behold the 
hand that smites. Kadath in the cold waste hath known Them, and what man 
knows Kadath? The ice desert of the South and the sunken isles of Ocean hold 
stones whereon Their seal is engraver, but who bath seen the deep frozen city or 
the sealed tower long garlanded with seaweed and barnacles? Great Cthulhu is 
Their cousin, yet can he spy Them only dimly. la! Shub-Niggurath! As a foulness 
shall ye know Them. Their hand is at your throats, yet ye see Them not; and 
Their habitation is even one with your guarded threshold. Yog-Sothoth is the key 
to the gate, whereby the spheres meet. Man rules now where They ruled once; 
They shall soon rule where man rules now. After summer is winter, after winter 
summer. They wait patient and potent, for here shall They reign again. 

Dr. Annitage, associating what he was reading with what he had heard of 
Dunwich and its brooding presences, and of Wilbur Whateley and his dim, 
hideous aura that stretched from a dubious birth to a cloud of probable 
matricide, felt a wave of fright as tangible as a draught of the tomb's cold 
clamminess. The bent, goatish giant before him seemed like the spawn of another 
planet or dimension; like something only partly of mankind, and linked to black 
gulfs of essence and entity that stretch like titan phantasms beyond all spheres of 
force and matter, space and time. Presently Wilbur raised his head and began 
speaking in that strange, resonant fashion which hinted at sound-producing 
organs unlike the run of mankind's. 



530 



'Mr Armitage/ he said, 'I calc'late I've got to take that book home. They's things 
in it I've got to try under sarten conditions that I can't git here, en' it 'ud be a 
mortal sin to let a red-tape rule hold me up. Let me take it along. Sir, an' I'll swar 
they wun't nobody know the difference. I dun't need to tell ye I'll take good keer 
of it. It wan't me that put this Dee copy in the shape it is. . .' 

He stopped as he saw firm denial on the librarian's face, and his own goatish 
features grew crafty. Armitage, half-ready to tell him he might make a copy of 
what parts he needed, thought suddenly of the possible consequences and 
checked himself. There was too much responsibility in giving such a being the 
key to such blasphemous outer spheres. Whateley saw how things stood, and 
tried to answer lightly. 

'Wal, all right, ef ye feel that way abaout it. Maybe Harvard won't be so fussy as 
yew be.' And without saying more he rose and strode out of the building, 
stooping at each doorway. 

Armitage heard the savage yelping of the great watchdog, and studied 
Whateley's gorilla-like lope as he crossed the bit of campus visible from the 
window. He thought of the wild tales he had heard, and recalled the old Sunday 
stories in the Advertiser; these things, and the lore he had picked up from 
Dunwich rustics and villagers during his one visit there. Unseen things not of 
earth - or at least not of tridimensional earth - rushed foetid and horrible through 
New England's glens, and brooded obscenely on the mountain tops. Of this he 
had long felt certain. Now he seemed to sense the close presence of some terrible 
part of the intruding horror, and to glimpse a hellish advance in the black 
dominion of the ancient and once passive nightmare. He locked away the 
Necronomicon with a shudder of disgust, but the room still reeked with an 
unholy and unidentifiable stench. 'As a foulness shall ye know them,' he quoted. 
Yes - the odour was the same as that which had sickened him at the Whateley 
farmhouse less than three years before. He thought of Wilbur, goatish and 
ominous, once again, and laughed mockingly at the village rumours of his 
parentage. 

'Inbreeding?' Armitage muttered half-aloud to himself. 'Great God, what 
simpletons! Show them Arthur Machen's Great God Pan and they'll think it a 
common Dunwich scandal! But what thing - what cursed shapeless influence on 
or off this three-dimensional earth - was Wilbur Whateley's father? Born on 
Candlemas - nine months after May Eve of 1912, when the talk about the queer 
earth noises reached clear to Arkham - what walked on the mountains that May 
night? What Roodmas horror fastened itself on the world in half-human flesh 
and blood?' 



531 



During the ensuing weeks Dr Armitage set about to collect all possible data on 
Wilbur Whateley and the formless presences around Dunwich. He got in 
communication with Dr Houghton of Aylesbury, who had attended Old 
Whateley in his last illness, and found much to ponder over in the grandfather's 
last words as quoted by the physician. A visit to Dunwich Village failed to bring 
out much that was new; but a close survey of the Necronomicon, in those parts 
which Wilbur had sought so avidly, seemed to supply new and terrible clues to 
the nature, methods, and desires of the strange evil so vaguely threatening this 
planet. Talks with several students of archaic lore in Boston, and letters to many 
others elsewhere, gave him a growing amazement which passed slowly through 
varied degrees of alarm to a state of really acute spiritual fear. As the summer 
drew on he felt dimly that something ought to be done about the lurking terrors 
of the upper Miskatonic valley, and about the monstrous being known to the 
human world as Wilbur Whateley. 

VI. 

The Dunwich horror itself came between Lammas and the equinox in 1928, and 
Dr Armitage was among those who witnessed its monstrous prologue. He had 
heard, meanwhile, of Whateley' s grotesque trip to Cambridge, and of his frantic 
efforts to borrow or copy from the Necronomicon at the Widener Library. Those 
efforts had been in vain, since Armitage had issued warnings of the keenest 
intensity to all librarians having charge of the dreaded volume. Wilbur had been 
shockingly nervous at Cambridge; anxious for the book, yet almost equally 
anxious to get home again, as if he feared the results of being away long. 

Early in August the half-expected outcome developed, and in the small hours of 
the third Dr Armitage was awakened suddenly by the wild, fierce cries of the 
savage watchdog on the college campus. Deep and terrible, the snarling, half- 
mad growls and barks continued; always in mounting volume, but with 
hideously significant pauses. Then there rang out a scream from a wholly 
different throat - such a scream as roused half the sleepers of Arkham and 
haunted their dreams ever afterwards - such a scream as could come from no 
being born of earth, or wholly of earth. 

Armitage, hastening into some clothing and rushing across the street and lawn to 
the college buildings, saw that others were ahead of him; and heard the echoes of 
a burglar-alarm still shrilling from the library. An open window showed black 
and gaping in the moonlight. What had come had indeed completed its entrance; 
for the barking and the screaming, now fast fading into a mixed low growling 
and moaning, proceeded unmistakably from within. Some instinct warned 
Armitage that what was taking place was not a thing for unfortified eyes to see, 
so he brushed back the crowd with authority as he unlocked the vestibule door. 



532 



Among the others he saw Professor Warren Rice and Dr Francis Morgan, men to 
whom he had told some of his conjectures and misgivings; and these two he 
motioned to accompany him inside. The inward sounds, except for a watchful, 
droning whine from the dog, had by this time quite subsided; but Armitage now 
perceived with a sudden start that a loud chorus of whippoorwills among the 
shrubbery had commenced a damnably rhythmical piping, as if in unison with 
the last breaths of a dying man. 

The building was full of a frightful stench which Dr Armitage knew too well, and 
the three men rushed across the hall to the small genealogical reading-room 
whence the low whining came. For a second nobody dared to turn on the light, 
then Armitage summoned up his courage and snapped the switch. One of the 
three - it is not certain which - shrieked aloud at what sprawled before them 
among disordered tables and overturned chairs. Professor Rice declares that he 
wholly lost consciousness for an instant, though he did not stumble or fall. 

The thing that lay half-bent on its side in a foetid pool of greenish-yellow ichor 
and tarry stickiness was almost nine feet tall, and the dog had torn off all the 
clothing and some of the skin. It was not quite dead, but twitched silently and 
spasmodically while its chest heaved in monstrous unison with the mad piping 
of the expectant whippoorwills outside. Bits of shoe-leather and fragments of 
apparel were scattered about the room, and just inside the window an empty 
canvas sack lay where it had evidently been thrown. Near the central desk a 
revolver had fallen, a dented but undischarged cartridge later explaining why it 
had not been fired. The thing itself, however, crowded out all other images at the 
time. It would be trite and not wholly accurate to say that no human pen could 
describe it, but one may properly say that it could not be vividly visualized by 
anyone whose ideas of aspect and contour are too closely bound up with the 
common life-forms of this planet and of the three known dimensions. It was 
partly human, beyond a doubt, with very manlike hands and head, and the 
goatish, chinless face had the stamp of the Whateley's upon it. But the torso and 
lower parts of the body were teratologically fabulous, so that only generous 
clothing could ever have enabled it to walk on earth unchallenged or 
uneradicated. 

Above the waist it was semi-anthropomorphic; though its chest, where the dog's 
rending paws still rested watchfully, had the leathery, reticulated hide of a 
crocodile or alligator. The back was piebald with yellow and black, and dimly 
suggested the squamous covering of certain snakes. Below the waist, though, it 
was the worst; for here all human resemblance left off and sheer phantasy began. 
The skin was thickly covered with coarse black fur, and from the abdomen a 
score of long greenish-grey tentacles with red sucking mouths protruded limply. 



533 



Their arrangement was odd, and seemed to follow the symmetries of some 
cosmic geometry unknown to earth or the solar system. On each of the hips, deep 
set in a kind of pinkish, ciliated orbit, was what seemed to be a rudimentary eye; 
whilst in lieu of a tail there depended a kind of trunk or feeler with purple 
annular markings, and with many evidences of being an undeveloped mouth or 
throat. The limbs, save for their black fur, roughly resembled the hind legs of 
prehistoric earth's giant saurians, and terminated in ridgy-veined pads that were 
neither hooves nor claws. When the thing breathed, its tail and tentacles 
rhythmically changed colour, as if from some circulatory cause normal to the 
non-human greenish tinge, whilst in the tail it was manifest as a yellowish 
appearance which alternated with a sickly grayish-white in the spaces between 
the purple rings. Of genuine blood there was none; only the foetid greenish- 
yellow ichor which trickled along the painted floor beyond the radius of the 
stickiness, and left a curious discoloration behind it. 

As the presence of the three men seemed to rouse the dying thing, it began to 
mumble without turning or raising its head. Dr Armitage made no written 
record of its mouthings, but asserts confidently that nothing in English was 
uttered. At first the syllables defied all correlation with any speech of earth, but 
towards the last there came some disjointed fragments evidently taken from the 
Necronomicon, that monstrous blasphemy in quest of which the thing had 
perished. These fragments, as Armitage recalls them, ran something like 'N'gai, 
n'gha'ghaa, bugg-shoggog, y'hah: Yog-Sothoth, Yog-Sothoth ...' They trailed off 
into nothingness as the whippoorwills shrieked in rhythmical crescendos of 
unholy anticipation. 

Then came a halt in the gasping, and the dog raised its head in a long, lugubrious 
howl. A change came over the yellow, goatish face of the prostrate thing, and the 
great black eyes fell in appallingly. Outside the window the shrilling of the 
whippoorwills had suddenly ceased, and above the murmurs of the gathering 
crowd there came the sound of a panic-struck whirring and fluttering. Against 
the moon vast clouds of feathery watchers rose and raced from sight, frantic at 
that which they had sought for prey. 

All at once the dog started up abruptly, gave a frightened bark, and leaped 
nervously out of the window by which it had entered. A cry rose from the 
crowd, and Dr Armitage shouted to the men outside that no one must be 
admitted till the police or medical examiner came. He was thankful that the 
windows were just too high to permit of peering in, and drew the dark curtains 
carefully down over each one. By this time two policemen had arrived; and Dr 
Morgan, meeting them in the vestibule, was urging them for their own sakes to 
postpone entrance to the stench-filled reading-room till the examiner came and 
the prostrate thing could be covered up. 



534 



Meanwhile frightful changes were taking place on the floor. One need not 
describe the kind and rate of shrinkage and disintegration that occurred before 
the eyes of Dr Armitage and Professor Rice; but it is permissible to say that, aside 
from the external appearance of face and hands, the really human element in 
Wilbur Whateley must have been very small. When the medical examiner came, 
there was only a sticky whitish mass on the painted boards, and the monstrous 
odour had nearly disappeared. Apparently Whateley had had no skull or bony 
skeleton; at least, in any true or stable sense. He had taken somewhat after his 
unknown father. 

VII. 

Yet all this was only the prologue of the actual Dunwich horror. Formalities were 
gone through by bewildered officials, abnormal details were duly kept from 
press and public, and men were sent to Dunwich and Aylesbury to look up 
property and notify any who might be heirs of the late Wilbur Whateley. They 
found the countryside in great agitation, both because of the growing rumblings 
beneath the domed hills, and because of the unwonted stench and the surging, 
lapping sounds which came increasingly from the great empty shell formed by 
Whateley's boarded-up farmhouse. Earl Sawyer, who tended the horse and cattle 
during Wilbur's absence, had developed a woefully acute case of nerves. The 
officials devised excuses not to enter the noisome boarded place; and were glad 
to confine their survey of the deceased's living quarters, the newly mended 
sheds, to a single visit. They filed a ponderous report at the courthouse in 
Aylesbury, and litigations concerning heirship are said to be still in progress 
amongst the innumerable Whateleys, decayed and undecayed, of the upper 
Miskatonic valley. 

An almost interminable manuscript in strange characters, written in a huge 
ledger and adjudged a sort of diary because of the spacing and the variations in 
ink and penmanship, presented a baffling puzzle to those who found it on the 
old bureau which served as its owner's desk. After a week of debate it was sent 
to Miskatonic University, together with the deceased's collection of strange 
books, for study and possible translation; but even the best linguists soon saw 
that it was not likely to be unriddled with ease. No trace of the ancient gold with 
which Wilbur and Old Whateley had always paid their debts has yet been 
discovered. 

It was in the dark of September ninth that the horror broke loose. The hill noises 
had been very pronounced during the evening, and dogs barked frantically all 
night. Early risers on the tenth noticed a peculiar stench in the air. About seven 
o'clock Luther Brown, the hired boy at George Corey's, between Cold Spring 
Glen and the village, rushed frenziedly back from his morning trip to Ten-Acre 



535 



Meadow with the cows. He was almost convulsed with fright as he stumbled 
into the kitchen; and in the yard outside the no less frightened herd were pawing 
and lowing pitifully, having followed the boy back in the panic they shared with 
him. Between gasps Luther tried to stammer out his tale to Mrs Corey. 

'Up thar in the rud beyont the glen. Mis' Corey - they's suthin' ben thar! It smells 
like thunder, an' all the bushes an' little trees is pushed back from the rud like 
they'd a haouse ben moved along of it. An' that ain't the wust, nuther. They's 
prints in the rud. Mis' Corey - great raound prints as big as barrel-heads, all sunk 
dawon deep like a elephant had ben along, only they's a sight more nor four feet 
could make! I looked at one or two afore I run, an' I see every one was covered 
with lines spreadin' aout from one place, like as if big palm-leaf fans - twict or 
three times as big as any they is - hed of ben paounded dawon into the rud. An' 
the smell was awful, like what it is around Wizard Whateley's ol' haouse. . .' 

Here he faltered, and seemed to shiver afresh with the fright that had sent him 
flying home. Mrs Corey, unable to extract more information, began telephoning 
the neighbours; thus starting on its rounds the overture of panic that heralded 
the major terrors. When she got Sally Sawyer, housekeeper at Seth Bishop's, the 
nearest place to Whateley's, it became her turn to listen instead of transmit; for 
Sally's boy Chauncey, who slept poorly, had been up on the hill towards 
Whateley's, and had dashed back in terror after one look at the place, and at the 
pasturage where Mr Bishop's cows had been left out all night. 

'Yes, Mis' Corey,' came Sally's tremulous voice over the party wire, 'Cha'ncey he 
just come back a-postin', and couldn't half talk fer bein' scairt! He says Ol' 
Whateley's house is all bowed up, with timbers scattered raound like they'd ben 
dynamite inside; only the bottom floor ain't through, but is all covered with a 
kind o' tar-like stuff that smells awful an' drips daown offen the aidges onto the 
graoun' whar the side timbers is blowed away. An' they's awful kinder marks in 
the yard, tew - great raound marks bigger raound than a hogshead, an' all sticky 
with stuff like is on the browed-up haouse. Cha'ncey he says they leads off into 
the medders, whar a great swath wider'n a barn is matted daown, an' all the stun 
walls tumbled every whichway wherever it goes. 

'An' he says, says he. Mis' Corey, as haow he sot to look fer Seth's caows, 
frightened ez he was an' faound 'em in the upper pasture nigh the Devil's Hop 
Yard in an awful shape. Haff on 'em's clean gone, an' nigh haff o' them that's left 
is sucked most dry o' blood, with sores on 'em like they's ben on Whateleys 
cattle ever senct Lavinny's black brat was born. Seth hes gone aout naow to look 
at 'em, though I'll vaow he won't keer ter git very nigh Wizard Whateley's! 
Cha'ncey didn't look keerful ter see whar the big matted-daown swath led arter 



536 



it leff the pasturage, but he says he thinks it p'inted towards the glen rud to the 
village. 

'I tell ye. Mis' Corey, they's suthin' abroad as hadn't orter be abroad, an' I for one 
think that black Wilbur Whateley, as come to the bad end he deserved, is at the 
bottom of the breedin' of it. He wa'n't all human hisself, I alius says to 
everybody; an' I think he an' OF Whateley must a raised suthin' in that there 
nailed-up haouse as ain't even so human as he was. They's alius ben unseen 
things araound Dunwich - livin' things - as ain't human an' ain't good fer human 
folks. 

'The graoun' was a-talkin' las' night, an' towards mornin' Cha'ncey he heered 
the whippoorwills so laoud in Col' Spring Glen he couldn't sleep nun. Then he 
thought he heered another faint-like saound over towards Wizard Whateley's - a 
kinder rippin' or tearin' o' wood, like some big box er crate was bein' opened fur 
off. What with this an' that, he didn't git to sleep at all till sunup, an' no sooner 
was he up this mornin', but he's got to go over to Whateley's an' see what's the 
matter. He see enough I tell ye. Mis' Corey! This dun't mean no good, an' I think 
as all the men-folks ought to git up a party an' do suthin'. I know suthin' awful's 
abaout, an' feel my time is nigh, though only Gawd knows jest what it is. 

'Did your Luther take accaount o' whar them big tracks led tew? No? Wal, Mis' 
Corey, ef they was on the glen rud this side o' the glen, an' ain't got to your 
haouse yet, I calc'late they must go into the glen itself. They would do that. I 
alius says Col' Spring Glen ain't no healthy nor decent place. The whippoorwills 
an' fireflies there never did act like they was creaters o' Gawd, an' they's them as 
says ye kin hear strange things a-rushin' an' a-talkin' in the air dawon thar ef ye 
stand in the right place, atween the rock falls an' Bear's Den.' 

By that noon fully three-quarters of the men and boys of Dunwich were trooping 
over the roads and meadows between the newmade Whateley ruins and Cold 
Spring Glen, examining in horror the vast, monstrous prints, the maimed Bishop 
cattle, the strange, noisome wreck of the farmhouse, and the bruised, matted 
vegetation of the fields and roadside. Whatever had burst loose upon the world 
had assuredly gone down into the great sinister ravine; for all the trees on the 
banks were bent and broken, and a great avenue had been gouged in the 
precipice-hanging underbrush. It was as though a house, launched by an 
avalanche, had slid down through the tangled growths of the almost vertical 
slope. From below no sound came, but only a distant, undefinable foetor; and it 
is not to be wondered at that the men preferred to stay on the edge and argue, 
rather than descend and beard the unknown Cyclopean horror in its lair. Three 
dogs that were with the party had barked furiously at first, but seemed cowed 
and reluctant when near the glen. Someone telephoned the news to the 



537 



Aylesbury Transcript; but the editor, accustomed to wild tales from Dunwich, 
did no more than concoct a humorous paragraph about it; an item soon 
afterwards reproduced by the Associated Press. 

That night everyone went home, and every house and barn was barricaded as 
stoutly as possible. Needless to say, no cattle were allowed to remain in open 
pasturage. About two in the morning a frightful stench and the savage barking of 
the dogs awakened the household at Elmer Frye's, on the eastern edge of Cold 
Spring Glen, and all agreed that they could hear a sort of muffled swishing or 
lapping sound from somewhere outside. Mrs Frye proposed telephoning the 
neighbours, and Elmer was about to agree when the noise of splintering wood 
burst in upon their deliberations. It came, apparently, from the barn; and was 
quickly followed by a hideous screaming and stamping amongst the cattle. The 
dogs slavered and crouched close to the feet of the fear-numbed family. Frye lit a 
lantern through force of habit, but knew it would be death to go out into that 
black farmyard. The children and the women-folk whimpered, kept from 
screaming by some obscure, vestigial instinct of defence which told them their 
lives depended on silence. At last the noise of the cattle subsided to a pitiful 
moaning, and a great snapping, crashing, and crackling ensued. The Fryes, 
huddled together in the sitting-room, did not dare to move until the last echoes 
died away far down in Cold Spring Glen. Then, amidst the dismal moans from 
the stable and the daemoniac piping of the late whippoorwills in the glen, Selina 
Frye tottered to the telephone and spread what news she could of the second 
phase of the horror. 

The next day all the countryside was in a panic; and cowed, uncommunicative 
groups came and went where the fiendish thing had occurred. Two titan swaths 
of destruction stretched from the glen to the Frye farmyard, monstrous prints 
covered the bare patches of ground, and one side of the old red barn had 
completely caved in. Of the cattle, only a quarter could be found and identified. 
Some of these were in curious fragments, and all that survived had to be shot. 
Earl Sawyer suggested that help be asked from Aylesbury or Arkham, but others 
maintained it would be of no use. Old Zebulon Whateley, of a branch that 
hovered about halfway between soundness and decadence, made darkly wild 
suggestions about rites that ought to be practiced on the hill-tops. He came of a 
line where tradition ran strong, and his memories of chantings in the great stone 
circles were not altogether connected with Wilbur and his grandfather. 

Darkness fell upon a stricken countryside too passive to organize for real 
defence. In a few cases closely related families would band together and watch in 
the gloom under one roof; but in general there was only a repetition of the 
barricading of the night before, and a futile, ineffective gesture of loading 
muskets and setting pitchforks handily about. Nothing, however, occurred 



538 



except some hill noises; and when the day came there were many who hoped 
that the new horror had gone as swiftly as it had come. There were even bold 
souls who proposed an offensive expedition down in the glen, though they did 
not venture to set an actual example to the still reluctant majority. 

When night came again the barricading was repeated, though there was less 
huddling together of families. In the morning both the Frye and the Seth Bishop 
households reported excitement among the dogs and vague sounds and stenches 
from afar, while early explorers noted with horror a fresh set of the monstrous 
tracks in the road skirting Sentinel Hill. As before, the sides of the road showed a 
bruising indicative of the blasphemously stupendous bulk of the horror; whilst 
the conformation of the tracks seemed to argue a passage in two directions, as if 
the moving mountain had come from Cold Spring Glen and returned to it along 
the same path. At the base of the hill a thirty-foot swath of crushed shrubbery 
saplings led steeply upwards, and the seekers gasped when they saw that even 
the most perpendicular places did not deflect the inexorable trail. Whatever the 
horror was, it could scale a sheer stony cliff of almost complete verticality; and as 
the investigators climbed round to the hill's summit by safer routes they saw that 
the trail ended - or rather, reversed - there. 

It was here that the Whateleys used to build their hellish fires and chant their 
hellish rituals by the table-like stone on May Eve and Hallowmass. Now that 
very stone formed the centre of a vast space thrashed around by the 
mountainous horror, whilst upon its slightly concave surface was a thick and 
foetid deposit of the same tarry stickiness observed on the floor of the ruined 
Whateley farmhouse when the horror escaped. Men looked at one another and 
muttered. Then they looked down the hill. Apparently the horror had descended 
by a route much the same as that of its ascent. To speculate was futile. Reason, 
logic, and normal ideas of motivation stood confounded. Only old Zebulon, who 
was not with the group, could have done justice to the situation or suggested a 
plausible explanation. 

Thursday night began much like the others, but it ended less happily. The 
whippoorwills in the glen had screamed with such unusual persistence that 
many could not sleep, and about 3 A.M. all the party telephones rang 
tremulously. Those who took down their receivers heard a fright-mad voice 
shriek out, 'Help, oh, my Gawd! ...' and some thought a crashing sound 
followed the breaking off of the exclamation. There was nothing more. No one 
dared do anything, and no one knew till morning whence the call came. Then 
those who had heard it called everyone on the line, and found that only the Fryes 
did not reply. The truth appeared an hour later, when a hastily assembled group 
of armed men trudged out to the Frye place at the head of the glen. It was 
horrible, yet hardly a surprise. There were more swaths and monstrous prints. 



539 



but there was no longer any house. It had caved in Hke an egg-shell, and 
amongst the ruins nothing living or dead could be discovered. Only a stench and 
a tarry stickiness. The Elmer Fryes had been erased from Dunwich. 

VIII. 

In the meantime a quieter yet even more spiritually poignant phase of the horror 
had been blackly unwinding itself behind the closed door of a shelf-lined room in 
Arkham. The curious manuscript record or diary of Wilbur Whateley, delivered 
to Miskatonic University for translation had caused much worry and bafflement 
among the experts in language both ancient and modern; its very alphabet, 
notwithstanding a general resemblance to the heavily-shaded Arabic used in 
Mesopotamia, being absolutely unknown to any available authority. The final 
conclusion of the linguists was that the text represented an artificial alphabet, 
giving the effect of a cipher; though none of the usual methods of cryptographic 
solution seemed to furnish any clue, even when applied on the basis of every 
tongue the writer might conceivably have used. The ancient books taken from 
Whateley's quarters, while absorbingly interesting and in several cases 
promising to open up new and terrible lines of research among philosophers and 
men of science, were of no assistance whatever in this matter. One of them, a 
heavy tome with an iron clasp, was in another unknown alphabet - this one of a 
very different cast, and resembling Sanskrit more than anything else. The old 
ledger was at length given wholly into the charge of Dr Armitage, both because 
of his peculiar interest in the Whateley matter, and because of his wide linguistic 
learning and skill in the mystical formulae of antiquity and the middle ages. 

Armitage had an idea that the alphabet might be something esoterically used by 
certain forbidden cults which have come down from old times, and which have 
inherited many forms and traditions from the wizards of the Saracenic world. 
That question, however, he did not deem vital; since it would be unnecessary to 
know the origin of the symbols if, as he suspected, they were used as a cipher in 
a modern language. It was his belief that, considering the great amount of text 
involved, the writer would scarcely have wished the trouble of using another 
speech than his own, save perhaps in certain special formulae and incantations. 
Accordingly he attacked the manuscript with the preliminary assumption that 
the bulk of it was in English. 

Dr Armitage knew, from the repeated failures of his colleagues, that the riddle 
was a deep and complex one; and that no simple mode of solution could merit 
even a trial. All through late August he fortified himself with the mass lore of 
cryptography; drawing upon the fullest resources of his own library, and wading 
night after night amidst the arcana of Trithemius' Poligraphia, Giambattista 
Porta's De Furtivis Literarum Notis, De Vigenere's Traite des Chiffres, Falconer's 



540 



Cryptomenysis Patefacta, Davys' and Thicknesse's eighteenth-century treatises, 
and such fairly modern authorities as Blair, van Marten and Kluber's script itself, 
and in time became convinced that he had to deal with one of those subtlest and 
most ingenious of cryptograms, in which many separate lists of corresponding 
letters are arranged like the multiplication table, and the message built up with 
arbitrary key-words known only to the initiated. The older authorities seemed 
rather more helpful than the newer ones, and Armitage concluded that the code 
of the manuscript was one of great antiquity, no doubt handed down through a 
long line of mystical experimenters. Several times he seemed near daylight, only 
to be set back by some unforeseen obstacle. Then, as September approached, the 
clouds began to clear. Certain letters, as used in certain parts of the manuscript, 
emerged definitely and unmistakably; and it became obvious that the text was 
indeed in English. 

On the evening of September second the last major barrier gave way, and Dr 
Armitage read for the first time a continuous passage of Wilbur Whateley's 
annals. It was in truth a diary, as all had thought; and it was couched in a style 
clearly showing the mixed occult erudition and general illiteracy of the strange 
being who wrote it. Almost the first long passage that Armitage deciphered, an 
entry dated November 26, 1916, proved highly startling and disquieting. It was 
written,he remembered, by a child of three and a half who looked like a lad of 
twelve or thirteen. 

Today learned the Aklo for the Sabaoth (it ran), which did not like, it being 
answerable from the hill and not from the air. That upstairs more ahead of me 
than I had thought it would be, and is not like to have much earth brain. Shot 
Elam Hutchins's collie Jack when he went to bite me, and Elam says he would 
kill me if he dast. I guess he won't. Grandfather kept me saying the Dho formula 
last night, and I think I saw the inner city at the 2 magnetic poles. I shall go to 
those poles when the earth is cleared off, if I can't break through with the Dho- 
Hna formula when I commit it. They from the air told me at Sabbat that it will be 
years before I can clear off the earth, and I guess grandfather will be dead then, 
so I shall have to learn all the angles of the planes and all the formulas between 
the Yr and the Nhhngr. They from outside will help, but they cannot take body 
without human blood. That upstairs looks it will have the right cast. I can see it a 
little when I make the Voorish sign or blow the powder of Ibn Ghazi at it, and it 
is near like them at May Eve on the Hill. The other face may wear off some. I 
wonder how I shall look when the earth is cleared and there are no earth beings 
on it. He that came with the Aklo Sabaoth said I may be transfigured there being 
much of outside to work on. 

Morning found Dr Armitage in a cold sweat of terror and a frenzy of wakeful 
concentration. He had not left the manuscript all night, but sat at his table under 



541 



the electric light turning page after page with shaking hands as fast as he could 
decipher the cryptic text. He had nervously telephoned his wife he would not be 
home, and when she brought him a breakfast from the house he could scarcely 
dispose of a mouthful. All that day he read on, now and then halted 
maddeningly as a reapplication of the complex key became necessary. Lunch and 
dinner were brought him, but he ate only the smallest fraction of either. Toward 
the middle of the next night he drowsed off in his chair, but soon woke out of a 
tangle of nightmares almost as hideous as the truths and menaces to man's 
existence that he had uncovered. 

On the morning of September fourth Professor Rice and Dr Morgan insisted on 
seeing him for a while, and departed trembling and ashen-grey. That evening he 
went to bed, but slept only fitfully. Wednesday - the next day - he was back at 
the manuscript, and began to take copious notes both from the current sections 
and from those he had already deciphered. In the small hours of that night he 
slept a little in a easy chair in his office, but was at the manuscript again before 
dawn. Some time before noon his physician, Dr Hartwell, called to see him and 
insisted that he cease work. He refused; intimating that it was of the most vital 
importance for him to complete the reading of the diary and promising an 
explanation in due course of time. That evening, just as twilight fell, he finished 
his terrible perusal and sank back exhausted. His wife, bringing his dinner, 
found him in a half-comatose state; but he was conscious enough to warn her off 
with a sharp cry when he saw her eyes wander toward the notes he had taken. 
Weakly rising, he gathered up the scribbled papers and sealed them all in a great 
envelope, which he immediately placed in his inside coat pocket. He had 
sufficient strength to get home, but was so clearly in need of medical aid that Dr 
Hartwell was summoned at once. As the doctor put him to bed he could only 
mutter over and over again, 'But what, in God's name, can we do?' 

Dr Armitage slept, but was partly delirious the next day. He made no 
explanations to Hartwell, but in his calmer moments spoke of the imperative 
need of a long conference with Rice and Morgan. His wilder wanderings were 
very startling indeed, including frantic appeals that something in a boarded-up 
farmhouse be destroyed, and fantastic references to some plan for the extirpation 
of the entire human race and all animal and vegetable life from the earth by some 
terrible elder race of beings from another dimension. He would shout that the 
world was in danger, since the Elder Things wished to strip it and drag it away 
from the solar system and cosmos of matter into some other plane or phase of 
entity from which it had once fallen, vigintillions of aeons ago. At other times he 
would call for the dreaded Necronomicon and the Daemonolatreia of Remigius, 
in which he seemed hopeful of finding some formula to check the peril he 
conjured up. 



542 



'Stop them, stop theml' he would shout. 'Those Whateleys meant to let them in, 
and the worst of all is left! Tell Rice and Morgan we must do something - it's a 
blind business, but I know how to make the powder... It hasn't been fed since 
the second of August, when Wilbur came here to his death, and at that rate. . .' 

But Armitage had a sound physique despite his seventy-three years, and slept off 
his disorder that night without developing any real fever. He woke late Friday, 
clear of head, though sober with a gnawing fear and tremendous sense of 
responsibility. Saturday afternoon he felt able to go over to the library and 
summon Rice and Morgan for a conference, and the rest of that day and evening 
the three men tortured their brains in the wildest speculation and the most 
desperate debate. Strange and terrible books were drawn voluminously from the 
stack shelves and from secure places of storage; and diagrams and formulae 
were copied with feverish haste and in bewildering abundance. Of scepticism 
there was none. All three had seen the body of Wilbur Whateley as it lay on the 
floor in a room of that very building, and after that not one of them could feel 
even slightly inclined to treat the diary as a madman's raving. 

Opinions were divided as to notifying the Massachusetts State Police, and the 
negative finally won. There were things involved which simply could not be 
believed by those who had not seen a sample, as indeed was made clear during 
certain subsequent investigations. Late at night the conference disbanded 
without having developed a definite plan, but all day Sunday Armitage was 
busy comparing formulae and mixing chemicals obtained from the college 
laboratory. The more he reflected on the hellish diary, the more he was inclined 
to doubt the efficacy of any material agent in stamping out the entity which 
Wilbur Whateley had left behind him - the earth threatening entity which, 
unknown to him, was to burst forth in a few hours and become the memorable 
Dunwich horror. 

Monday was a repetition of Sunday with Dr Armitage, for the task in hand 
required an infinity of research and experiment. Further consultations of the 
monstrous diary brought about various changes of plan, and he knew that even 
in the end a large amount of uncertainty must remain. By Tuesday he had a 
definite line of action mapped out, and believed he would try a trip to Dunwich 
within a week. Then, on Wednesday, the great shock came. Tucked obscurely 
away in a corner of the Arkham Advertiser was a facetious little item from the 
Associated Press, telling what a record-breaking monster the bootleg whisky of 
Dunwich had raised up. Armitage, half stunned, could only telephone for Rice 
and Morgan. Far into the night they discussed, and the next day was a 
whirlwind of preparation on the part of them all. Armitage knew he would be 
meddling with terrible powers, yet saw that there was no other way to annul the 
deeper and more malign meddling which others had done before him. 



543 



IX. 

Friday morning Armitage, Rice, and Morgan set out by motor for Dunwich, 
arriving at the village about one in the afternoon. The day was pleasant, but even 
in the brightest sunlight a kind of quiet dread and portent seemed to hover about 
the strangely domed hills and the deep, shadowy ravines of the stricken region. 
Now and then on some mountain top a gaunt circle of stones could be glimpsed 
against the sky. From the air of hushed fright at Osborn's store they knew 
something hideous had happened, and soon learned of the annihilation of the 
Elmer Frye house and family. Throughout that afternoon they rode around 
Dunwich, questioning the natives concerning all that had occurred, and seeing 
for themselves with rising pangs of horror the drear Frye ruins with their 
lingering traces of the tarry stickiness, the blasphemous tracks in the Frye yard, 
the wounded Seth Bishop cattle, and the enormous swaths of disturbed 
vegetation in various places. The trail up and down Sentinel Hill seemed to 
Armitage of almost cataclysmic significance, and he looked long at the sinister 
altar-like stone on the summit. 

At length the visitors, apprised of a party of State Police which had come from 
Aylesbury that morning in response to the first telephone reports of the Frye 
tragedy, decided to seek out the officers and compare notes as far as practicable. 
This, however, they found more easily planned than performed; since no sign of 
the party could be found in any direction. There had been five of them in a car, 
but now the car stood empty near the ruins in the Frye yard. The natives, all of 
whom had talked with the policemen, seemed at first as perplexed as Armitage 
and his companions. Then old Sam Hutchins thought of something and turned 
pale, nudging Fred Farr and pointing to the dank, deep hollow that yawned 
close by. 

'Gawd,' he gasped, 'I felled 'em not ter go daown into the glen, an' I never 
thought nobody'd dew it with them tracks an' that smell an' the whippoorwills 
a-screechin' daown thar in the dark o' noonday. . .' 

A cold shudder ran through natives and visitors alike, and every ear seemed 
strained in a kind of instinctive, unconscious listening. Armitage, now that he 
had actually come upon the horror and its monstrous work, trembled with the 
responsibility he felt to be his. Night would soon fall, and it was then that the 
mountainous blasphemy lumbered upon its eldritch course. Negotium 
perambuians in tenebris... The old librarian rehearsed the formulae he had 
memorized, and clutched the paper containing the alternative one he had not 
memorized. He saw that his electric flashlight was in working order. Rice, beside 
him, took from a valise a metal sprayer of the sort used in combating insects; 



544 



whilst Morgan uncased the big-game rifle on which he reHed despite his 
colleague's warnings that no material weapon would be of help. 

Armitage, having read the hideous diary, knew painfully well what kind of a 
manifestation to expect; but he did not add to the fright of the Dunwich people 
by giving any hints or clues. He hoped that it might be conquered without any 
revelation to the world of the monstrous thing it had escaped. As the shadows 
gathered, the natives commenced to disperse homeward, anxious to bar 
themselves indoors despite the present evidence that all human locks and bolts 
were useless before a force that could bend trees and crush houses when it chose. 
They shook their heads at the visitors' plan to stand guard at the Frye ruins near 
the glen; and, as they left, had little expectancy of ever seeing the watchers again. 

There were rumblings under the hills that night, and the whippoorwills piped 
threateningly. Once in a while a wind, sweeping up out of Cold Spring Glen, 
would bring a touch of ineffable foetor to the heavy night air; such a foetor as all 
three of the watchers had smelled once before, when they stood above a dying 
thing that had passed for fifteen years and a half as a human being. But the 
looked-for terror did not appear. Whatever was down there in the glen was 
biding its time, and Armitage told his colleagues it would be suicidal to try to 
attack it in the dark. 

Morning came wanly, and the night-sounds ceased. It was a grey, bleak day, 
with now and then a drizzle of rain; and heavier and heavier clouds seemed to 
be piling themselves up beyond the hills to the north-west. The men from 
Arkham were undecided what to do. Seeking shelter from the increasing rainfall 
beneath one of the few undestroyed Frye outbuildings, they debated the wisdom 
of waiting, or of taking the aggressive and going down into the glen in quest of 
their nameless, monstrous quarry. The downpour waxed in heaviness, and 
distant peals of thunder sounded from far horizons. Sheet lightning shimmered, 
and then a forky bolt flashed near at hand, as if descending into the accursed 
glen itself. The sky grew very dark, and the watchers hoped that the storm 
would prove a short, sharp one followed by clear weather. 

It was still gruesomely dark when, not much over an hour later, a confused babel 
of voices sounded down the road. Another moment brought to view a frightened 
group of more than a dozen men, running, shouting, and even whimpering 
hysterically. Someone in the lead began sobbing out words, and the Arkham men 
started violently when those words developed a coherent form. 

'Oh, my Gawd, my Gawd,' the voice choked out. 'It's a-goin' agin, an' this time 
by day! It's aout - it's aout an' a-movin' this very minute, an' only the Lord 
knows when it'll be on us all!' 



545 



The speaker panted into silence, but another took up his message. 

'Nigh on a haour ago Zeb Whateley here heered the 'phone a-ringin', an' it was 
Mis' Corey, George's wife, that hves daown by the junction. She says the hired 
boy Luther was aout drivin' in the caows from the storm arter the big boh, when 
he see all the trees a-bendin' at the maouth o' the glen - opposite side ter this - an' 
smelt the same awful smell like he smelt when he faound the big tracks las' 
Monday mornin'. An' she says he says they was a swishin' lappin' saound, more 
nor what the bendin' trees an' bushes could make, an' all on a suddent the trees 
along the rud begun ter git pushed one side, an' they was a awful stompin' an' 
splashin' in the mud. But mind ye, Luther he didn't see nothin' at all, only just 
the bendin' trees an' underbrush. 

'Then fur ahead where Bishop's Brook goes under the rud he heerd a awful 
creakin' an' strainin' on the bridge, an' says he could tell the saound o' wood a- 
startin' to crack an' split. An' all the whiles he never see a thing, only them trees 
an' bushes a-bendin'. An' when the swishin' saound got very fur off - on the rud 
towards Wizard Whateley's an' Sentinel Hill - Luther he had the guts ter step up 
whar he'd heerd it fust an' look at the graound. It was all mud an' water, an' the 
sky was dark, an' the rain was wipin' aout all tracks abaout as fast as could be; 
but beginnin' at the glen maouth, whar the trees hed moved, they was still some 
o' them awful prints big as bar'ls like he seen Monday.' 

At this point the first excited speaker interrupted. 

'But that ain't the trouble naow - that was only the start. Zeb here was callin' 
folks up an' everybody was a-listenin' in when a call from Seth Bishop's cut in. 
His haousekeeper Sally was carryin' on fit to kill - she'd jest seed the trees a- 
bendin' beside the rud, an' says they was a kind o' mushy saound, like a 
elephant puffin' an' treadin', a-headin' fer the haouse. Then she up an' spoke 
suddent of a fearful smell, an' says her boy Cha'ncey was a-screamin' as haow it 
was jest like what he smelt up to the Whateley rewins Monday mornin'. An' the 
dogs was barkin' an' whinin' awful. 

'An' then she let aout a turrible yell, an' says the shed daown the rud had jest 
caved in like the storm bed blowed it over, only the wind w'an't strong enough 
to dew that. Everybody was a-listenin', an' we could hear lots o' folks on the wire 
a-gaspin'. All to onct Sally she yelled again, an' says the front yard picket fence 
hed just crumbled up, though they wa'n't no sign o' what done it. Then 
everybody on the line could hear Cha'ncey an' old Seth Bishop a-yellin' tew, an' 
Sally was shriekin' aout that suthin' heavy hed struck the haouse - not lightnin' 
nor nothin', but suthin' heavy again' the front, that kep' a-launchin' itself agin 



546 



an' agin, though ye couldn't see nothin' aout the front winders. An' then... an' 
then...' 

Lines of fright deepened on every face; and Armitage, shaken as he was, had 
barely poise enough to prompt the speaker. 

'An' then.... Sally she yelled aout, "O help, the haouse is a-cavin' in... an' on the 
wire we could hear a turrible crashin' an' a hull flock o' screaming... jes like 
when Elmer Frye's place was took, only wuss. . .' 

The man paused, and another of the crowd spoke. 

'That's all - not a saound nor squeak over the 'phone arter that. Jest still-like. We 
that heerd it got aout Fords an' wagons an' rounded up as many able-bodied 
men-folks as we could git, at Corey's place, an' come up here ter see what yew 
thought best ter dew. Not but what I think it's the Lord's jedgment fer our 
iniquities, that no mortal kin ever set aside.' 

Armitage saw that the time for positive action had come, and spoke decisively to 
the faltering group of frightened rustics. 

'We must follow it, boys.' He made his voice as reassuring as possible. 'I believe 
there's a chance of putting it out of business. You men know that those 
Whateleys were wizards - well, this thing is a thing of wizardry, and must be put 
down by the same means. I've seen Wilbur Whateley's diary and read some of 
the strange old books he used to read; and I think I know the right kind of spell 
to recite to make the thing fade away. Of course, one can't be sure, but we can 
always take a chance. It's invisible - 1 knew it would be - but there's powder in 
this long-distance sprayer that might make it show up for a second. Later on 
we'll try it. It's a frightful thing to have alive, but it isn't as bad as what Wilbur 
would have let in if he'd lived longer. You'll never know what the world 
escaped. Now we've only this one thing to fight, and it can't multiply. It can, 
though, do a lot of harm; so we mustn't hesitate to rid the community of it. 

'We must follow it - and the way to begin is to go to the place that has just been 
wrecked. Let somebody lead the way - I don't know your roads very well, but 
I've an idea there might be a shorter cut across lots. How about it?' 

The men shuffled about a moment, and then Earl Sawyer spoke softly, pointing 
with a grimy finger through the steadily lessening rain. 

'I guess ye kin git to Seth Bishop's quickest by cuttin' across the lower medder 
here, wadin' the brook at the low place, an' climbin' through Carrier's mowin' 



547 



an' the timber-lot beyont. That comes aout on the upper rud mighty nigh Seth's - 
a leetle t'other side.' 

Armitage, with Rice and Morgan, started to walk in the direction indicated; and 
most of the natives followed slowly. The sky was growing lighter, and there 
were signs that the storm had worn itself away. When Armitage inadvertently 
took a wrong direction, Joe Osborn warned him and walked ahead to show the 
right one. Courage and confidence were mounting, though the twilight of the 
almost perpendicular wooded hill which lay towards the end of their short cut, 
and among whose fantastic ancient trees they had to scramble as if up a ladder, 
put these qualities to a severe test. 

At length they emerged on a muddy road to find the sun coming out. They were 
a little beyond the Seth Bishop place, but bent trees and hideously unmistakable 
tracks showed what had passed by. Only a few moments were consumed in 
surveying the ruins just round the bend. It was the Frye incident all over again, 
and nothing dead or living was found in either of the collapsed shells which had 
been the Bishop house and barn. No one cared to remain there amidst the stench 
and tarry stickiness, but all turned instinctively to the line of horrible prints 
leading on towards the wrecked Whateley farmhouse and the altar-crowned 
slopes of Sentinel Hill. 

As the men passed the site of Wilbur Whateley's abode they shuddered visibly, 
and seemed again to mix hesitancy with their zeal. It was no joke tracking down 
something as big as a house that one could not see, but that had all the vicious 
malevolence of a daemon. Opposite the base of Sentinel Hill the tracks left the 
road, and there was a fresh bending and matting visible along the broad swath 
marking the monster's former route to and from the summit. 

Armitage produced a pocket telescope of considerable power and scanned the 
steep green side of the hill. Then he handed the instrument to Morgan, whose 
sight was keener. After a moment of gazing Morgan cried out sharply, passing 
the glass to Earl Sawyer and indicating a certain spot on the slope with his finger. 
Sawyer, as clumsy as most non-users of optical devices are, fumbled a while; but 
eventually focused the lenses with Armitage's aid. When he did so his cry was 
less restrained than Morgan's had been. 

'Gawd almighty, the grass an' bushes is a'movin'! It's a-goin' up - slow-like - 
creepin' - up ter the top this minute, heaven only knows what fur!' 

Then the germ of panic seemed to spread among the seekers. It was one thing to 
chase the nameless entity, but quite another to find it. Spells might be all right - 
but suppose they weren't? Voices began questioning Armitage about what he 



548 



knew of the thing, and no reply seemed quite to satisfy. Everyone seemed to feel 
himself in close proximity to phases of Nature and of being utterly forbidden and 
wholly outside the sane experience of mankind. 

X. 

In the end the three men from Arkham - old, white-bearded Dr Armitage, stocky, 
iron-grey Professor Rice, and lean, youngish Dr Morgan, ascended the mountain 
alone. After much patient instruction regarding its focusing and use, they left the 
telescope with the frightened group that remained in the road; and as they 
climbed they were watched closely by those among whom the glass was passed 
round. It was hard going, and Armitage had to be helped more than once. High 
above the toiling group the great swath trembled as its hellish maker repassed 
with snail-like deliberateness. Then it was obvious that the pursuers were 
gaining. 

Curtis Whateley - of the undecayed branch - was holding the telescope when the 
Arkham party detoured radically from the swath. He told the crowd that the 
men were evidently trying to get to a subordinate peak which overlooked the 
swath at a point considerably ahead of where the shrubbery was now bending. 
This, indeed, proved to be true; and the party were seen to gain the minor 
elevation only a short time after the invisible blasphemy had passed it. 

Then Wesley Corey, who had taken the glass, cried out that Armitage was 
adjusting the sprayer which Rice held, and that something must be about to 
happen. The crowd stirred uneasily, recalling that his sprayer was expected to 
give the unseen horror a moment of visibility. Two or three men shut their eyes, 
but Curtis Whateley snatched back the telescope and strained his vision to the 
utmost. He saw that Rice, from the party's point of advantage above and behind 
the entity, had an excellent chance of spreading the potent powder with 
marvellous effect. 

Those without the telescope saw only an instant's flash of grey cloud - a cloud 
about the size of a moderately large building - near the top of the mountain. 
Curtis, who held the instrument, dropped it with a piercing shriek into the ankle- 
deep mud of the road. He reeled, and would have crumbled to the ground had 
not two or three others seized and steadied him. All he could do was moan half- 
inaudibly. 

'Oh, oh, great Gawd. . . that. . . that. . .' 



549 



There was a pandemonium of questioning, and only Henry Wheeler thought to 
rescue the fallen telescope and wipe it clean of mud. Curtis was past all 
coherence, and even isolated replies were almost too much for him. 

'Bigger'n a barn... all made o' squirmin' ropes... hull thing sort o' shaped like a 
hen's egg bigger'n anything with dozens o' legs like hogs-heads that haff shut up 
when they step... nothin' solid abaout it - all like jelly, an' made o' sep'rit 
wrigglin' ropes pushed clost together... great bulgin' eyes all over it... ten or 
twenty maouths or trunks a-stickin' aout all along the sides, big as stove-pipes an 
all a-tossin' an openin' an' shuttin'... all grey, with kinder blue or purple rings... 
an' Gawd it Heaven - that haff face on top. . .' 

This final memory, whatever it was, proved too much for poor Curtis; and he 
collapsed completely before he could say more. Fred Farr and Will Hutchins 
carried him to the roadside and laid him on the damp grass. Henry Wheeler, 
trembling, turned the rescued telescope on the mountain to see what he might. 
Through the lenses were discernible three tiny figures, apparently running 
towards the summit as fast as the steep incline allowed. Only these - nothing 
more. Then everyone noticed a strangely unseasonable noise in the deep valley 
behind, and even in the underbrush of Sentinel Hill itself. It was the piping of 
unnumbered whippoorwills, and in their shrill chorus there seemed to lurk a 
note of tense and evil expectancy. 

Earl Sawyer now took the telescope and reported the three figures as standing on 
the topmost ridge, virtually level with the altar-stone but at a considerable 
distance from it. One figure, he said, seemed to be raising its hands above its 
head at rhythmic intervals; and as Sawyer mentioned the circumstance the 
crowd seemed to hear a faint, half-musical sound from the distance, as if a loud 
chant were accompanying the gestures. The weird silhouette on that remote peak 
must have been a spectacle of infinite grotesqueness and impressiveness, but no 
observer was in a mood for aesthetic appreciation. 'I guess he's sayin' the spell,' 
whispered Wheeler as he snatched back the telescope. The whippoorwills were 
piping wildly, and in a singularly curious irregular rhythm quite unlike that of 
the visible ritual. 

Suddenly the sunshine seemed to lessen without the intervention of any 
discernible cloud. It was a very peculiar phenomenon, and was plainly marked 
by all. A rumbling sound seemed brewing beneath the hills, mixed strangely 
with a concordant rumbling which clearly came from the sky. Lightning flashed 
aloft, and the wondering crowd looked in vain for the portents of storm. The 
chanting of the men from Arkham now became unmistakable, and Wheeler saw 
through the glass that they were all raising their arms in the rhythmic 
incantation. From some farmhouse far away came the frantic barking of dogs. 



550 



The change in the quahty of the dayhght increased, and the crowd gazed about 
the horizon in wonder. A purpHsh darkness, born of nothing more than a 
spectral deepening of the sky's blue, pressed down upon the rumbling hills. 
Then the lightning flashed again, somewhat brighter than before, and the crowd 
fancied that it had showed a certain mistiness around the altar-stone on the 
distant height. No one, however, had been using the telescope at that instant. The 
whippoorwills continued their irregular pulsation, and the men of Dunwich 
braced themselves tensely against some imponderable menace with which the 
atmosphere seemed surcharged. 

Without warning came those deep, cracked, raucous vocal sounds which will 
never leave the memory of the stricken group who heard them. Not from any 
human throat were they born, for the organs of man can yield no such acoustic 
perversions. Rather would one have said they came from the pit itself, had not 
their source been so unmistakably the altar-stone on the peak. It is almost 
erroneous to call them sounds at all, since so much of their ghastly, infra-bass 
timbre spoke to dim seats of consciousness and terror far subtler than the ear; yet 
one must do so, since their form was indisputably though vaguely that of half- 
articulate words. They were loud - loud as the rumblings and the thunder above 
which they echoed - yet did they come from no visible being. And because 
imagination might suggest a conjectural source in the world of non-visible 
beings, the huddled crowd at the mountain's base huddled still closer, and 
winced as if in expectation of a blow. 

'Ygnailh... ygnaiih... thflthkh'ngha.... Yog-Sothoth ...' rang the hideous 
croaking out of space. 'Y'bthnk. . . h'ehye - n'grkdl'lh. . .' 

The speaking impulse seemed to falter here, as if some frightful psychic struggle 
were going on. Henry Wheeler strained his eye at the telescope, but saw only the 
three grotesquely silhouetted human figures on the peak, all moving their arms 
furiously in strange gestures as their incantation drew near its culmination. From 
what black wells of Acherontic fear or feeling, from what unplumbed gulfs of 
extra-cosmic consciousness or obscure, long-latent heredity, were those half- 
articulate thunder-croakings drawn? Presently they began to gather renewed 
force and coherence as they grew in stark, utter, ultimate frenzy. 

'Eh-y-ya-ya-yahaah - e'yayayaaaa... ngh'aaaaa... ngh'aaa... h'yuh... h'yuh... 
HELP! HELP! . . .ff - ff - ff - FATHER! FATHER! YOG-SOTHOTH!. . .' 

But that was all. The pallid group in the road, still reeling at the indisputably 
English syllables that had poured thickly and thunderously down from the 
frantic vacancy beside that shocking altar-stone, were never to hear such 
syllables again. Instead, they jumped violently at the terrific report which 



551 



seemed to rend the hills; the deafening, cataclysmic peal whose source, be it 
inner earth or sky, no hearer was ever able to place. A single lightning bolt shot 
from the purple zenith to the altar-stone, and a great tidal wave of viewless force 
and indescribable stench swept down from the hill to all the countryside. Trees, 
grass, and under-brush were whipped into a fury; and the frightened crowd at 
the mountain's base, weakened by the lethal foetor that seemed about to 
asphyxiate them, were almost hurled off their feet. Dogs howled from the 
distance, green grass and foliage wilted to a curious, sickly yellow-grey, and over 
field and forest were scattered the bodies of dead whippoorwills. 

The stench left quickly, but the vegetation never came right again. To this day 
there is something queer and unholy about the growths on and around that 
fearsome hill Curtis Whateley was only just regaining consciousness when the 
Arkham men came slowly down the mountain in the beams of a sunlight once 
more brilliant and untainted. They were grave and quiet, and seemed shaken by 
memories and reflections even more terrible than those which had reduced the 
group of natives to a state of cowed quivering. In reply to a jumble of questions 
they only shook their heads and reaffirmed one vital fact. 

'The thing has gone for ever,' Armitage said. 'It has been split up into what it 
was originally made of, and can never exist again. It was an impossibility in a 
normal world. Only the least fraction was really matter in any sense we know. It 
was like its father - and most of it has gone back to him in some vague realm or 
dimension outside our material universe; some vague abyss out of which only 
the most accursed rites of human blasphemy could ever have called him for a 
moment on the hills.' 

There was a brief silence, and in that pause the scattered senses of poor Curtis 
Whateley began to knit back into a sort of continuity; so that he put his hands to 
his head with a moan. Memory seemed to pick itself up where it had left off, and 
the horror of the sight that had prostrated him burst in upon him again. 

'Oh, oh, my Gawd, that haff face - that haff face on top of it... that face with the 
red eyes an' crinkly albino hair, an' no chin, like the Whateley s... It was a 
octopus, centipede, spider kind o' thing, but they was a haff-shaped man's face 
on top of it, an' it looked like Wizard Whateley's, only it was yards an' yards 
acrost....' 

He paused exhausted, as the whole group of natives stared in a bewilderment 
not quite crystallized into fresh terror. Only old Zebulon Whateley, who 
wanderingly remembered ancient things but who had been silent heretofore, 
spoke aloud. 



552 



'Fifteen year' gone/ he rambled, 'I heered OY Whateley say as haow some day 
we'd hear a child o' Lavinny's a-callin' its father's name on the top o' Sentinel 
Hill...' 

But Joe Osborn interrupted him to question the Arkham men anew. 

'What was it, anyhaow, an' haowever did young Wizard Whateley call it aout o' 
the air it come from?' 

Armitage chose his words very carefully. 

'It was - well, it was mostly a kind of force that doesn't belong in our part of 
space; a kind of force that acts and grows and shapes itself by other laws than 
those of our sort of Nature. We have no business calling in such things from 
outside, and only very wicked people and very wicked cults ever try to. There 
was some of it in Wilbur Whateley himself - enough to make a devil and a 
precocious monster of him, and to make his passing out a pretty terrible sight. 
I'm going to burn his accursed diary, and if you men are wise you'll dynamite 
that altar-stone up there, and pull down all the rings of standing stones on the 
other hills. Things like that brought down the beings those Whateley s were so 
fond of - the beings they were going to let in tangibly to wipe out the human race 
and drag the earth off to some nameless place for some nameless purpose. 

'But as to this thing we've just sent back - the Whateley s raised it for a terrible 
part in the doings that were to come. It grew fast and big from the same reason 
that Wilbur grew fast and big - but it beat him because it had a greater share of 
the outsideness in it. You needn't ask how Wilbur called it out of the air. He 
didn't call it out. It was his twin brother, but it looked more like the father than 
he did.' 



553 



The Evil Clergyman 

Written in 1937 

Published in April of 1939 in Weird Tales 

I was shown into the attic chamber by a grave, intelligent-looking man with quiet 
clothes and an iron-gray beard, who spoke to me in this fashion: 

"Yes, he lived here- but I don't advise your doing anything. Your curiosity 
makes you irresponsible. We never come here at night, and it's only because of 
his will that we keep it this way. You know what he did. That abominable society 
took charge at last, and we don't know where he is buried. There was no way the 
law or anything else could reach the society. 

"I hope you won't stay till after dark. And I beg of you to let that thing on the 
table- the thing that looks like a match-box- alone. We don't know what it is, but 
we suspect it has something to do with what he did. We even avoid looking at it 
very steadily." 

After a time the man left me alone in the attic room. It was very dingy and dusty, 
and only primitively furnished, but it had a neatness which showed it was not a 
slum-denizen's quarters. There were shelves full of theological and classical 
books, and another bookcase containing treatises on magic- Paracelsus, Albertus 
Magnus, Trithemius, Hermes Trismegistus, Borellus, and others in a strange 
alphabet whose titles I could not decipher. The furniture was very plain. There 
was a door, but it led only into a closet. The only egress was the aperture in the 
floor up to which the crude, steep staircase led. The windows were of bull's-eye 
pattern, and the black oak beams bespoke unbelievable antiquity. Plainly, this 
house was of the Old World. I seemed to know where I was, but cannot recall 
what I then knew. Certainly the town was not London. My impression is of a 
small seaport. 

The small object on the table fascinated me intensely. I seemed to know what to 
do with it, for I drew a pocket electric light- or what looked like one- out of my 
pocket and nervously tested its flashes. The light was not white but violet, and 
seemed less like true light than like some radioactive bombardment. I recall that I 
did not regard it as a common flashlight- indeed, I had a common flashlight in 
another pocket. 

It was getting dark, and the ancient roofs and chimney-pots outside looked very 
queer through the bull's-eye window-panes. Finally I summoned up courage and 
propped the small object up on the table against a book- then turned the rays of 



554 



the peculiar violet light upon it. The light seemed now to be more like a rain of 
hail or small violet particles than like a continuous beam. As the particles struck 
the glassy surface at the center of the strange device, they seemed to produce a 
crackling noise like the sputtering of a vacuum tube through which sparks are 
passed. The dark glassy surface displayed a pinkish glow, and a vague white 
shape seemed to be taking form at its center. Then I noticed that I was not alone 
in the room- and put the ray-projector back in my pocket. 

But the newcomer did not speak- nor did I hear any sound whatever during all 
the immediately following moments. Everything was shadowy pantomime, as if 
seen at a vast distance through some intervening haze- although on the other 
hand the newcomer and all subsequent comers loomed large and close, as if both 
near and distant, according to some abnormal geometry. 

The newcomer was a thin, dark man of medium height attired in the clerical garb 
of the Anglican church. He was apparently about thirty years old, with a sallow, 
olive complexion and fairly good features, but an abnormally high forehead. His 
black hair was well cut and neatly brushed, and he was clean-shaven though 
blue-chinned with a heavy growth of beard. He wore rimless spectacles with 
steel bows. His build and lower facial features were like other clergymen I had 
seen, but he had a vastly higher forehead, and was darker and more intelligent- 
looking- also more subtly and concealedly evil-looking. At the present moment- 
having just lighted a faint oil lamp- he looked nervous, and before I knew it he 
was casting all his magical books into a fireplace on the window side of the room 
(where the wall slanted sharply) which I had not noticed before. The flames 
devoured the volumes greedily- leaping up in strange colors and emitting 
indescribably hideous odors as the strangely hieroglyphed leaves and wormy 
bindings succumbed to the devastating element. All at once I saw there were 
others in the room- grave-looking men in clerical costume, one of whom wore 
the bands and knee-breeches of a bishop. Though I could hear nothing, I could 
see that they were bringing a decision of vast import to the first-comer. They 
seemed to hate and fear him at the same time, and he seemed to return these 
sentiments. His face set itself into a grim expression, but I could see his right 
hand shaking as he tried to grip the back of a chair. The bishop pointed to the 
empty case and to the fireplace (where the flames had died down amidst a 
charred, non-committal mass), and seemed filled with a peculiar loathing. The 
first-comer then gave a wry smile and reached out with his left hand toward the 
small object on the table. Everyone then seemed frightened. The procession of 
clerics began filing down the steep stairs through the trapdoor in the floor, 
turning and making menacing gestures as they left. The bishop was last to go. 

The first-comer now went to a cupboard on the inner side of the room and 
extracted a coil of rope. Mounting a chair, he attached one end of the rope to a 



555 



hook in the great exposed central beam of black oak, and began making a noose 
with the other end. Realizing he was about to hang himself, I started forward to 
dissuade or save him. He saw me and ceased his preparations, looking at me 
with a kind of triumph which puzzled and disturbed me. He slowly stepped 
down from the chair and began gliding toward me with a positively wolfish grin 
on his dark, thin-lipped face. 

I felt somehow in deadly peril, and drew out the peculiar ray-projector as a 
weapon of defense. Why I thought it could help me, I do not know. I turned it 
on- full in his face, and saw the sallow features glow first with violet and then 
with pinkish light. His expression of wolfish exultation began to be crowded 
aside by a look of profound fear- which did not, however, wholly displace the 
exultation. He stopped in his tracks- then, flailing his arms wildly in the air, 
began to stagger backwards. I saw he was edging toward the open stair-well in 
the floor, and tried to shout a warning, but he did not hear me. In another instant 
he had lurched backward through the opening and was lost to view. 

I found difficulty in moving toward the stair-well, but when I did get there I 
found no crushed body on the floor below. Instead there was a clatter of people 
coming up with lanterns, for the spell of phantasmal silence had broken, and I 
once more heard sounds and saw figures as normally tri-dimensional. Something 
had evidently drawn a crowd to this place. Had there been a noise I had not 
heard? 

Presently the two people (simple villagers, apparently) farthest in the lead saw 
me- and stood paralyzed. One of them shrieked loudly and reverberantly: 

" Ahrrh! ... It be'ee, zur? Again?" 

Then they all turned and fled frantically. All, that is, but one. When the crowd 
was gone I saw the grave-bearded man who had brought me to this place- 
standing alone with a lantern. He was gazing at me gaspingly and fascinatedly, 
but did not seem afraid. Then he began to ascend the stairs, and joined me in the 
attic. He spoke: 

"So you didn't let it alone! I'm sorry. I know what has happened. It happened 
once before, but the man got frightened and shot himself. You ought not to have 
made him come back. You know what he wants. But you mustn't get frightened 
like the other man he got. Something very strange and terrible has happened to 
you, but it didn't get far enough to hurt your mind and personality. If you'll keep 
cool, and accept the need for making certain radical readjustments in your life, 
you can keep right on enjoying the world, and the fruits of your scholarship. But 



556 



you can't live here- and I don't think you'll wish to go back to London. I'd advise 
America. 

"You mustn't try anything more with that- thing. Nothing can be put back now. 
It would only make matters worse to do- or summon- anything. You are not as 
badly off as you might be- but you must get out of here at once and stay away. 
You'd better thank Heaven it didn't go further. . . 

"I'm going to prepare you as bluntly as I can. There's been a certain change- in 
your personal appearance. He always causes that. But in a new country you can 
get used to it. There's a mirror up at the other end of the room, and I'm going to 
take you to it. You'll get a shock- though you will see nothing repulsive." 

I was now shaking with a deadly fear, and the bearded man almost had to hold 
me up as he walked me across the room to the mirror, the faint lamp (i.e., that 
formerly on the table, not the still fainter lantern he had brought) in his free 
hand. This is what I saw in the glass: 

A thin, dark man of medium stature attired in the clerical garb of the Anglican 
church, apparently about thirty, and with rimless, steel-bowed glasses glistening 
beneath a sallow, olive forehead of abnormal height. 

It was the silent first-comer who had burned his books. 

For all the rest of my life, in outward form, I was to be that man 



557 



The Festival 



Written in October of 1923 

Published in January of 1925 in Weird Tales 

Efficiut Daemones, ut quae non sunt, sic tamen quasi sint, conspicienda 
hominibus exhibeant. 

(Devils so work that things which are not appear to men as if they were real.) 

- Lacantius 

I was far from home, and the spell of the eastern sea was upon me. In the twilight 
I heard it pounding on the rocks, and I knew it lay just over the hill where the 
twisting willows writhed against the clearing sky and the first stars of evening. 
And because my fathers had called me to the old town beyond, I pushed on 
through the shallow, new-fallen snow along the road that soared lonely up to 
where Aldebaran twinkled among the trees; on toward the very ancient town I 
had never seen but often dreamed of. 

It was the Yuletide, that men call Christmas though they know in their hearts it is 
older than Bethlehem and Babylon, older than Memphis and mankind. It was the 
Yuletide, and I had come at last to the ancient sea town where my people had 
dwelt and kept festival in the elder time when festival was forbidden; where also 
they had commanded their sons to keep festival once every century, that the 
memory of primal secrets might not be forgotten. Mine were an old people, and 
were old even when this land was settled three hundred years before. And they 
were strange, because they had come as dark furtive folk from opiate southern 
gardens of orchids, and spoken another tongue before they learnt the tongue of 
the blue-eyed fishers. And now they were scattered, and shared only the rituals 
of mysteries that none living could understand. I was the only one who came 
back that night to the old fishing town as legend bade, for only the poor and the 
lonely remember. 

Then beyond the hill's crest I saw Kingsport outspread frostily in the gloaming; 
snowy Kingsport with its ancient vanes and steeples, ridgepoles and chimney- 
pots, wharves and small bridges, willow-trees and graveyards; endless 
labyrinths of steep, narrow, crooked streets, and dizzy church-crowned central 
peak that time durst not touch; ceaseless mazes of colonial houses piled and 
scattered at all angles and levels like a child's disordered blocks; antiquity 
hovering on grey wings over winter-whitened gables and gambrel roofs; 
fanlights and small-paned windows one by one gleaming out in the cold dusk to 



558 



join Orion and the archaic stars. And against the rotting wharves the sea 
pounded; the secretive, immemorial sea out of which the people had come in the 
elder time. 

Beside the road at its crest a still higher summit rose, bleak and windswept, and I 
saw that it was a burying-ground where black gravestones stuck ghoulishly 
through the snow like the decayed fingernails of a gigantic corpse. The printless 
road was very lonely, and sometimes I thought I heard a distant horrible 
creaking as of a gibbet in the wind. They had hanged four kinsmen of mine for 
witchcraft in 1692, but I did not know just where. 

As the road wound down the seaward slope I listened for the merry sounds of a 
village at evening, but did not hear them. Then I thought of the season, and felt 
that these old Puritan folk might well have Christmas customs strange to me, 
and full of silent hearthside prayer. So after that I did not listen for merriment or 
look for wayfarers, kept on down past the hushed lighted farmhouses and 
shadowy stone walls to where the signs of ancient shops and sea taverns creaked 
in the salt breeze, and the grotesque knockers of pillared doorways glistened 
along deserted unpaved lanes in the light of little, curtained windows. 

I had seen maps of the town, and knew where to find the home of my people. It 
was told that I should be known and welcomed, for village legend lives long; so I 
hastened through Back Street to Circle Court, and across the fresh snow on the 
one full flagstone pavement in the town, to where Green Lane leads off behind 
the Market House. The old maps still held good, and I had no trouble; though at 
Arkham they must have lied when they said the trolleys ran to this place, since I 
saw not a wire overhead. Snow would have hid the rails in any case. I was glad I 
had chosen to walk, for the white village had seemed very beautiful from the hill; 
and now I was eager to knock at the door of my people, the seventh house on the 
left in Green Lane, with an ancient peaked roof and jutting second storey, all 
built before 1650. 

There were lights inside the house when I came upon it, and I saw from the 
diamond window-panes that it must have been kept very close to its antique 
state. The upper part overhung the narrow grass-grown street and nearly met the 
over-hanging part of the house opposite, so that I was almost in a tunnel, with 
the low stone doorstep wholly free from snow. There was no sidewalk, but many 
houses had high doors reached by double flights of steps with iron railings. It 
was an odd scene, and because I was strange to New England I had never known 
its like before. Though it pleased me, I would have relished it better if there had 
been footprints in the snow, and people in the streets, and a few windows 
without drawn curtains. 



559 



When I sounded the archaic iron knocker I was half afraid. Some fear had been 
gathering in me, perhaps because of the strangeness of my heritage, and the 
bleakness of the evening, and the queerness of the silence in that aged town of 
curious customs. And when my knock was answered I was fully afraid, because I 
had not heard any footsteps before the door creaked open. But I was not afraid 
long, for the gowned, slippered old man in the doorway had a bland face that 
reassured me; and though he made signs that he was dumb, he wrote a quaint 
and ancient welcome with the stylus and wax tablet he carried. 

He beckoned me into a low, candle-lit room with massive exposed rafters and 
dark, stiff, sparse furniture of the seventeenth century. The past was vivid there, 
for not an attribute was missing. There was a cavernous fireplace and a spinning- 
wheel at which a bent old woman in loose wrapper and deep poke-bonnet sat 
back toward me, silently spinning despite the festive season. An indefinite 
dampness seemed upon the place, and I marvelled that no fire should be blazing. 
The high-backed settle faced the row of curtained windows at the left, and 
seemed to be occupied, though I was not sure. I did not like everything about 
what I saw, and felt again the fear I had had. This fear grew stronger from what 
had before lessened it, for the more I looked at the old man's bland face the more 
its very blandness terrified me. The eyes never moved, and the skin was too 
much like wax. Finally I was sure it was not a face at all, but a fiendishly cunning 
mask. But the flabby hands, curiously gloved, wrote genially on the tablet and 
told me I must wait a while before I could be led to the place of the festival. 

Pointing to a chair, table, and pile of books, the old man now left the room; and 
when I sat down to read I saw that the books were hoary and mouldy, and that 
they included old Morryster's wild Marvels of Science, the terrible Saducismus 
Triumphatus of Joseph Glanvil, published in 1681, the shocking Daemonolatreja 
of Remigius, printed in 1595 at Lyons, and worst of all, the unmentionable 
Necronomicon of the mad Arab Abdul Alhazred, in Olaus Wormius' forbidden 
Latin translation; a book which I had never seen, but of which I had heard 
monstrous things whispered. No one spoke to me, but I could hear the creaking 
of signs in the wind outside, and the whir of the wheel as the bonneted old 
woman continued her silent spinning, spinning. I thought the room and the 
books and the people very morbid and disquieting, but because an old tradition 
of my fathers had summoned me to strange feastings, I resolved to expect queer 
things. So I tried to read, and soon became tremblingly absorbed by something I 
found in that accursed Necronomicon; a thought and a legend too hideous for 
sanity or consciousness, but I disliked it when I fancied I heard the closing of one 
of the windows that the settle faced, as if it had been stealthily opened. It had 
seemed to follow a whirring that was not of the old woman's spinning-wheel. 
This was not much, though, for the old woman was spinning very hard, and the 
aged clock had been striking. After that I lost the feeling that there were persons 



560 



on the settle, and was reading intently and shudderingly when the old man came 
back booted and dressed in a loose antique costume, and sat down on that very 
bench, so that I could not see him. It was certainly nervous waiting, and the 
blasphemous book in my hands made it doubly so. When eleven struck, 
however, the old man stood up, glided to a massive carved chest in a corner, and 
got two hooded cloaks; one of which he donned, and the other of which he 
draped round the old woman, who was ceasing her monotonous spinning. Then 
they both started for the outer door; the woman lamely creeping, and the old 
man, after picking up the very book I had been reading, beckoning me as he 
drew his hood over that unmoving face or mask. 

We went out into the moonless and tortuous network of that incredibly ancient 
town; went out as the lights in the curtained windows disappeared one by one, 
and the Dog Star leered at the throng of cowled, cloaked figures that poured 
silently from every doorway and formed monstrous processions up this street 
and that, past the creaking signs and antediluvian gables, the thatched roofs and 
diamond-paned windows; threading precipitous lanes where decaying houses 
overlapped and crumbled together; gliding across open courts and churchyards 
where the bobbing lanthorns made eldritch drunken constellations. 

Amid these hushed throngs I followed my voiceless guides; jostled by elbows 
that seemed preternaturally soft, and pressed by chests and stomachs that 
seemed abnormally pulpy; but seeing never a face and hearing never a word. Up, 
up, up, the eery columns slithered, and I saw that all the travellers were 
converging as they flowed near a sort of focus of crazy alleys at the top of a high 
hill in the centre of the town, where perched a great white church. I had seen it 
from the road's crest when I looked at Kingsport in the new dusk, and it had 
made me shiver because Aldebaran had seemed to balance itself a moment on 
the ghostly spire. 

There was an open space around the church; partly a churchyard with spectral 
shafts, and partly a half-paved square swept nearly bare of snow by the wind, 
and lined with unwholesomely archaic houses having peaked roofs and 
overhanging gables. Death-fires danced over the tombs, revealing gruesome 
vistas, though queerly failing to cast any shadows. Past the churchyard, where 
there were no houses, I could see over the hill's summit and watch the glimmer 
of stars on the harbour, though the town was invisible in the dark. Only once in a 
while a lantern bobbed horribly through serpentine alleys on its way to overtake 
the throng that was now slipping speechlessly into the church. I waited till the 
crowd had oozed into the black doorway, and till all the stragglers had followed. 
The old man was pulling at my sleeve, but I was determined to be the last. 
Crossing the threshold into the swarming temple of unknown darkness, I turned 
once to look at the outside world as the churchyard phosphorescence cast a 



561 



sickly glow on the hilltop pavement. And as I did so I shuddered. For though the 
wind had not left much snow, a few patches did remain on the path near the 
door; and in that fleeting backward look it seemed to my troubled eyes that they 
bore no mark of passing feet, not even mine. 

The church was scarce lighted by all the lanthorns that had entered it, for most of 
the throng had already vanished. They had streamed up the aisle between the 
high pews to the trap-door of the vaults which yawned loathsomely open just 
before the pulpit, and were now squinning noiselessly in. I followed dumbly 
down the foot-worn steps and into the dark, suffocating crypt. The tail of that 
sinuous line of night-marchers seemed very horrible, and as I saw them 
wriggling into a venerable tomb they seemed more horrible still. Then I noticed 
that the tomb's floor had an aperture down which the throng was sliding, and in 
a moment we were all descending an ominous staircase of rough-hewn stone; a 
narrow spiral staircase damp and peculiarly odorous, that wound endlessly 
down into the bowels of the hill past monotonous walls of dripping stone blocks 
and crumbling mortar. It was a silent, shocking descent, and I observed after a 
horrible interval that the walls and steps were changing in nature, as if chiselled 
out of the solid rock. What mainly troubled me was that the myriad footfalls 
made no sound and set up no echoes. After more aeons of descent I saw some 
side passages or burrows leading from unknown recesses of blackness to this 
shaft of nighted mystery. Soon they became excessively numerous, like impious 
catacombs of nameless menace; and their pungent odour of decay grew quite 
unbearable. I knew we must have passed down through the mountain and 
beneath the earth of Kingsport itself, and I shivered that a town should be so 
aged and maggoty with subterraneous evil. 

Then I saw the lurid shimmering of pale light, and heard the insidious lapping of 
sunless waters. Again I shivered, for I did not like the things that the night had 
brought, and wished bitterly that no forefather had summoned me to this primal 
rite. As the steps and the passage grew broader, I heard another sound, the thin, 
whining mockery of a feeble flute; and suddenly there spread out before me the 
boundless vista of an inner world- a vast fungous shore litten by a belching 
column of sick greenish flame and washed by a wide oily river that flowed from 
abysses frightful and unsuspected to join the blackest gulfs of immemorial ocean. 

Fainting and gasping, I looked at that unhallowed Erebus of titan toadstools, 
leprous fire and slimy water, and saw the cloaked throngs forming a semicircle 
around the blazing pillar. It was the Yule-rite, older than man and fated to 
survive him; the primal rite of the solstice and of spring's promise beyond the 
snows; the rite of fire and evergreen, light and music. And in the stygian grotto I 
saw them do the rite, and adore the sick pillar of flame, and throw into the water 
handfuls gouged out of the viscous vegetation which glittered green in the 



562 



chlorotic glare. I saw this, and I saw something amorphously squatted far away 
from the light, piping noisomely on a flute; and as the thing piped I thought I 
heard noxious muffled flutterings in the foetid darkness where I could not see. 
But what frightened me most was that flaming column; spouting volcanically 
from depths profound and inconceivable, casting no shadows as healthy flame 
should, and coating the nitrous stone with a nasty, venomous verdigris. For in all 
that seething combustion no warmth lay, but only the clamminess of death and 
corruption. 

The man who had brought me now squirmed to a point directly beside the 
hideous flame, and made stiff ceremonial motions to the semi-circle he faced. At 
certain stages of the ritual they did grovelling obeisance, especially when he held 
above his head that abhorrent Necronomicon he had taken with him; and I 
shared all the obeisances because I had been summoned to this festival by the 
writings of my forefathers. Then the old man made a signal to the half-seen flute- 
player in the darkness, which player thereupon changed its feeble drone to a 
scarce louder drone in another key; precipitating as it did so a horror 
unthinkable and unexpected. At this horror I sank nearly to the lichened earth, 
transfixed with a dread not of this or any world, but only of the mad spaces 
between the stars. 

Out of the unimaginable blackness beyond the gangrenous glare of that cold 
flame, out of the tartarean leagues through which that oily river rolled uncanny, 
unheard, and unsuspected, there flopped rhythmically a horde of tame, trained, 
hybrid winged things that no sound eye could ever wholly grasp, or sound brain 
ever wholly remember. They were not altogether crows, nor moles, nor 
buzzards, nor ants, nor vampire bats, nor decomposed human beings; but 
something I cannot and must not recall. They flopped limply along, half with 
their webbed feet and half with their membranous wings; and as they reached 
the throng of celebrants the cowled figures seized and mounted them, and rode 
off one by one along the reaches of that unlighted river, into pits and galleries of 
panic where poison springs feed frightful and undiscoverable cataracts. 

The old spinning woman had gone with the throng, and the old man remained 
only because I had refused when he motioned me to seize an animal and ride like 
the rest. I saw when I staggered to my feet that the amorphous flute-player had 
rolled out of sight, but that two of the beasts were patiently standing by. As I 
hung back, the old man produced his stylus and tablet and wrote that he was the 
true deputy of my fathers who had founded the Yule worship in this ancient 
place; that it had been decreed I should come back, and that the most secret 
mysteries were yet to be performed. He wrote this in a very ancient hand, and 
when I still hesitated he pulled from his loose robe a seal ring and a watch, both 
with my family arms, to prove that he was what he said. But it was a hideous 



563 



proof, because I knew from old papers that that watch had been buried with my 
great-great-great-great-grandfather in 1698. 

Presently the old man drew back his hood and pointed to the family resemblance 
in his face, but I only shuddered, because I was sure that the face was merely a 
devilish waxen mask. The flopping animals were now scratching restlessly at the 
lichens, and I saw that the old man was nearly as restless himself. When one of 
the things began to waddle and edge away, he turned quickly to stop it; so that 
the suddenness of his motion dislodged the waxen mask from what should have 
been his head. And then, because that nightmare's position barred me from the 
stone staircase down which we had come, I flung myself into the oily 
underground river that bubbled somewhere to the caves of the sea; flung myself 
into that putrescent juice of earth's inner horrors before the madness of my 
screams could bring down upon me all the charnel legions these pest-gulfs might 
conceal. 

At the hospital they told me I had been found half-frozen in Kingsport Harbour 
at dawn, clinging to the drifting spar that accident sent to save me. They told me 
I had taken the wrong fork of the hill road the night before, and fallen over the 
cliffs at Orange Point; a thing they deduced from prints found in the snow. There 
was nothing I could say, because everything was wrong. Everything was wrong, 
with the broad windows showing a sea of roofs in which only about one in five 
was ancient, and the sound of trolleys and motors in the streets below. They 
insisted that this was Kingsport, and I could not deny it. When I went delirious 
at hearing that the hospital stood near the old churchyard on Central Hill, they 
sent me to St Mary's Hospital in Arkham, where I could have better care. I liked 
it there, for the doctors were broad-minded, and even lent me their influence in 
obtaining the carefully sheltered copy of Alhazred's objectionable Necronomicon 
from the library of Miskatonic University. They said something about a 
"psychosis" and agreed I had better get any harassing obsessions off my mind. 

So I read that hideous chapter, and shuddered doubly because it was indeed not 
new to me. I had seen it before, let footprints tell what they might; and where it 
was I had seen it were best forgotten. There was no one- in waking hours- who 
could remind me of it; but my dreams are filled with terror, because of phrases I 
dare not quote. I dare quote only one paragraph, put into such English as I can 
make from the awkward Low Latin. 

"The nethermost caverns," wrote the mad Arab, "are not for the fathoming of 
eyes that see; for their marvels are strange and terrific. Cursed the ground where 
dead thoughts live new and oddly bodied, and evil the mind that is held by no 
head. Wisely did Ibn Schacabao say, that happy is the tomb where no wizard 
hath lain, and happy the town at night whose wizards are all ashes. For it is of 



564 



old rumour that the soul of the devil-bought hastes not from his charnel clay, but 
fats and instructs the very worm that gnaws; till out of corruption horrid life 
springs, and the dull scavengers of earth wax crafty to vex it and swell 
monstrous to plague it. Great holes secretly are digged where earth's pores ought 
to suffice, and things have learnt to walk that ought to crawl." 



565 



The Haunter Of The Dark 

Written in November of 1935 

Published in December of 1936 in Weird Tales 

I have seen the dark universe yawning 

Where the black planets roll without aim. 

Where they roll in their horror unheeded. 
Without knowledge or lustre or name. 

Cautious investigators will hesitate to challenge the common belief that Robert 
Blake was killed by lightning, or by some profound nervous shock derived from 
an electrical discharge. It is true that the window he faced was unbroken, but 
nature has shown herself capable of many freakish performances. The expression 
on his face may easily have arisen from some obscure muscular source unrelated 
to anything he saw, while the entries in his diary are clearly the result of a 
fantastic imagination aroused by certain local superstitions and by certain old 
matters he had uncovered. As for the anomalous conditions at the deserted 
church of Federal Hill- the shrewd analyst is not slow in attributing them to 
some charlatanry, conscious or unconscious, with at least some of which Blake 
was secretly connected. 

For after all, the victim was a writer and painter wholly devoted to the field of 
myth, dream, terror, and superstition, and avid in his quest for scenes and effects 
of a bizarre, spectral sort. His earlier stay in the city -a visit to a strange old man 
as deeply given to occult and forbidden lore as he- had ended amidst death and 
flame, and it must have been some morbid instinct which drew him back from 
his home in Milwaukee. He may have known of the old stories despite his 
statements to the contrary in the diary, and his death may have nipped in the 
bud some stupendous hoax destined to have a literary reflection. 

Among those, however, who have examined and correlated all this evidence, 
there remain several who cling to less rational and commonplace theories. They 
are inclined to take much of Blake's diary at its face value, and point significantly 
to certain facts such as the undoubted genuineness of the old church record, the 
verified existence of the disliked and unorthodox Starry Wisdom sect prior to 
1877, the recorded disappearance of an inquisitive reporter named Edwin M. 
Lillibridge in 1893, and- above all- the look of monstrous, transfiguring fear on 
the face of the young writer when he died. It was one of these believers who, 
moved to fanatical extremes, threw into the bay the curiously angled stone and 
its strangely adorned metal box found in the old church steeple- the black 



566 



windowless steeple, and not the tower where Blake's diary said those things 
originally were. Though widely censured both officially and unofficially, this 
man- a reputable physician with a taste for odd folklore- averred that he had rid 
the earth of something too dangerous to rest upon it. 

Between these two schools of opinion the reader must judge for himself. The 
papers have given the tangible details from a sceptical angle, leaving for others 
the drawing of the picture as Robert Blake saw it- or thought he saw it- or 
pretended to see it. Now studying the diary closely, dispassionately, and at 
leisure, let us summarize the dark chain of events from the expressed point of 
view of their chief actor. 

Young Blake returned to Providence in the winter of 1934-5, taking the upper 
floor of a venerable dwelling in a grassy court off College Street- on the crest of 
the great eastward hill near the Brown University campus and behind the marble 
John Hay Library. It was a cosy and fascinating place, in a little garden oasis of 
village-like antiquity where huge, friendly cats sunned themselves atop a 
convenient shed. The square Georgian house had a monitor roof, classic doorway 
with fan carving, small-paned windows, and all the other earmarks of early 
nineteenth century workmanship. Inside were six-panelled doors, wide floor- 
boards, a curving colonial staircase, white Adam-period mantels, and a rear set 
of rooms three steps below the general level. 

Blake's study, a large southwest chamber, overlooked the front garden on one 
side, while its west windows- before one of which he had his desk- faced off 
from the brow of the hill and commanded a splendid view of the lower town's 
outspread roofs and of the mystical sunsets that flamed behind them. On the far 
horizon were the open countryside's purple slopes. Against these, some two 
miles away, rose the spectral hump of Federal Hill, bristling with huddled roofs 
and steeples whose remote outlines wavered mysteriously, taking fantastic forms 
as the smoke of the city swirled up and enmeshed them. Blake had a curious 
sense that he was looking upon some unknown, ethereal world which might or 
might not vanish in dream if ever he tried to seek it out and enter it in person. 

Having sent home for most of his books, Blake bought some antique furniture 
suitable for his quarters and settled down to write and paint- living alone, and 
attending to the simple housework himself. His studio was in a north attic room, 
where the panes of the monitor roof furnished admirable lighting. During that 
first winter he produced five of his best-known short stories- The Burrower 
Beneath, The Stairs in the Crypt, Shaggai, In the Vale of Pnath, and The Feaster 
from the Stars- and painted seven canvases; studies of nameless, unhuman 
monsters, and profoundly alien, non-terrestrial landscapes. 



567 



At sunset he would often sit at his desk and gaze dreamily off at the outspread 
west- the dark towers of Memorial Hall just below, the Georgian court-house 
belfry, the lofty pinnacles of the downtown section, and that shimmering, spire- 
crowned mound in the distance whose unknown streets and labyrinthine gables 
so potently provoked his fancy. From his few local aquaintances he learned that 
the far-off slope was a vast Italian quarter, though most of the houses were 
remnant of older Yankee and Irish days. Now and then he would train his field- 
glasses on that spectral, unreachable world beyond the curling smoke; picking 
out individual roofs and chimneys and steeples, and speculating upon the 
bizarre and curious mysteries they might house. Even with optical aid Federal 
Hill seemed somehow alien, half fabulous, and linked to the unreal, intangible 
marvels of Blake's own tales and pictures. The feeling would persist long after 
the hill had faded into the violet, lamp-starred twilight, and the court-house 
floodlights and the red Industrial Trust beacon had blazed up to make the night 
grotesque. 

Of all the distant objects on Federal Hill, a certain huge, dark church most 
fascinated Blake. It stood out with especial distinctness at certain hours of the 
day, and at sunset the great tower and tapering steeple loomed blackly against 
the flaming sky. It seemed to rest on especially high ground; for the grimy 
fagade, and the obliquely seen north side with sloping roof and the tops of great 
pointed windows, rose boldly above the tangle of surrounding ridgepoles and 
chimney-pots. Peculiarly grim and austere, it appeared to be built of stone, 
stained and weathered with the smoke and storms of a century and more. The 
style, so far as the glass could show, was that earliest experimental form of 
Gothic revival which preceded the stately Upjohn period and held over some of 
the outlines and proportions of the Georgian age. Perhaps it was reared around 
1810 or 1815. 

As months passed, Blake watched the far-off, forbidding structure with an oddly 
mounting interest. Since the vast windows were never lighted, he knew that it 
must be vacant. The longer he watched, the more his imagination worked, till at 
length he began to fancy curious things. He believed that a vague, singular aura 
of desolation hovered over the place, so that even the pigeons and swallows 
shunned its smoky eaves. Around other towers and belfries his glass would 
reveal great flocks of birds, but here they never rested. At least, that is what he 
thought and set down in his diary. He pointed the place out to several friends, 
but none of them had even been on Federal Hill or possessed the faintest notion 
of what the church was or had been. 

In the spring a deep restlessness gripped Blake. He had begun his long-planned 
novel- based on a supposed survival of the witch-cult in Maine- but was 
strangely unable to make progress with it. More and more he would sit at his 



568 



westward window and gaze at the distant hill and the black, frowning steeple 
shunned by the birds. When the delicate leaves came out on the garden boughs 
the world was filled with a new beauty, but Blake's restlessness was merely 
increased. It was then that he first thought of crossing the city and climbing 
bodily up that fabulous slope into the smoke-wreathed world of dream. 

Late in April, just before the aeon-shadowed Walpurgis time, Blake made his 
first trip into the unknown. Plodding through the endless downtown streets and 
the bleak, decayed squares beyond, he came finally upon the ascending avenue 
of century -worn steps, sagging Doric porches, and blear-paned cupolas which he 
felt must lead up to the long-known, unreachable world beyond the mists. There 
were dingy blue-and-white street signs which meant nothing to him, and 
presently he noted the strange, dark faces of the drifting crowds, and the foreign 
signs over curious shops in brown, decade-weathered buildings. Nowhere could 
he find any of the objects he had seen from afar; so that once more he half fancied 
that the Federal Hill of that distant view was a dream-world never to be trod by 
living human feet. 

Now and then a battered church fagade or crumbling spire came in sight, but 
never the blackened pile that he sought. When he asked a shopkeeper about a 
great stone church the man smiled and shook his head, though he spoke English 
freely. As Blake climbed higher, the region seemed stranger and stranger, with 
bewildering mazes of brooding brown alleys leading eternally off to the south. 
He crossed two or three broad avenues, and once thought he glimpsed a familiar 
tower. Again he asked a merchant about the massive church of stone, and this 
time he could have sworn that the plea of ignorance was feigned. The dark man's 
face had a look of fear which he tried to hide, and Blake saw him make a curious 
sign with his right hand. 

Then suddenly a black spire stood out against the cloudy sky on his left, above 
the tiers of brown roofs lining the tangled southerly alleys. Blake knew at once 
what it was, and plunged toward it through the squalid, unpaved lanes that 
climbed from the avenue. Twice he lost his way, but he somehow dared not ask 
any of the patriarchs or housewives who sat on their doorsteps, or any of the 
children who shouted and played in the mud of the shadowy lanes. 

At last he saw the tower plain against the southwest, and a huge stone bulk rose 
darkly at the end of an alley. Presently he stood in a wind-swept open square, 
quaintly cobblestoned, with a high bank wall on the farther side. This was the 
end of his quest; for upon the wide, iron-railed, weed-grown plateau which the 
wall supported- a separate, lesser world raised fully six feet above the 
surrounding streets- there stood a grim, titan bulk whose identity, despite 
Blake's new perspective, was beyond dispute. 



569 



The vacant church was in a state of great decrepitude. Some of the high stone 
buttresses had fallen, and several delicate finials lay half lost among the brown, 
neglected weeds and grasses. The sooty Gothic windows were largely unbroken, 
though many of the stone muUions were missing. Blake wondered how the 
obscurely painted panes could have survived so well, in view of the known 
habits of small boys the world over. The massive doors were intact and tightly 
closed. Around the top of the bank wall, fully enclosing the grounds, was a rusty 
iron fence whose gate- at the head of a flight of steps from the square- was 
visibly padlocked. The path from the gate to the building was completely 
overgrown. Desolation and decay hung like a pall above the place, and in the 
birdless eaves and black, ivyless walls Blake felt a touch of the dimly sinister 
beyond his power to define. 

There were very few people in the square, but Blake saw a policeman at the 
northerly end and approached him with questions about the church. He was a 
great wholesome Irishman, and it seemed odd that he would do little more than 
make the sign of the cross and mutter that people never spoke of that building. 
When Blake pressed him he said very hurriedly that the Italian priest warned 
everybody against it, vowing that a monstrous evil had once dwelt there and left 
its mark. He himself had heard dark whispers of it from his father, who recalled 
certain sounds and rumours from his boyhood. 

There had been a bad sect there in the old days- an outlaw sect that called up 
awful things from some unknown gulf of night. It had taken a good priest to 
exorcise what had come, though there did be those who said that merely the 
light could do it. If Father O'Malley were alive there would be many a thing he 
could tell. But now there was nothing to do but let it alone. It hurt nobody now, 
and those that owned it were dead or far away. They had run away like rats after 
the threatening talk in '77 , when people began to mind the way folks vanished 
now and then in the neighbourhood. Some day the city would step in and take 
the property for lack of heirs, but little good would come of anybody's touching 
it. Better it be left alone for the years to topple, lest things be stirred that ought to 
rest forever in their black abyss. 

After the policeman had gone Blake stood staring at the sullen steepled pile. It 
excited him to find that the structure seemed as sinister to others as to him, and 
he wondered what grain of truth might lie behind the old tales the bluecoat had 
repeated. Probably they were mere legends evoked by the evil look of the place, 
but even so, they were like a strange coming to life of one of his own stories. 

The afternoon sun came out from behind dispersing clouds, but seemed unable 
to light up the stained, sooty walls of the old temple that towered on its high 
plateau. It was odd that the green of spring had not touched the brown, withered 



570 



growths in the raised, iron-fenced yard. Blake found himself edging nearer the 
raised area and examining the bank wall and rusted fence for possible avenues of 
ingress. There was a terrible lure about the blackened fane which was not to be 
resisted. The fence had no opening near the steps, but round on the north side 
were some missing bars. He could go up the steps and walk round on the narrow 
coping outside the fence till he came to the gap. If the people feared the place so 
wildly, he would encounter no interference. 

He was on the embankment and almost inside the fence before anyone noticed 
him. Then, looking down, he saw the few people in the square edging away and 
making the same sign with their right hands that the shopkeeper in the avenue 
had made. Several windows were slammed down, and a fat woman darted into 
the street and pulled some small children inside a rickety, unpainted house. The 
gap in the fence was very easy to pass through, and before long Blake found 
himself wading amidst the rotting, tangled growths of the deserted yard. Here 
and there the worn stump of a headstone told him that there had once been 
burials in the field; but that, he saw, must have been very long ago. The sheer 
bulk of the church was oppressive now that he was close to it, but he conquered 
his mood and approached to try the three great doors in the fagade. All were 
securely locked, so he began a circuit of the Cyclopean building in quest of some 
minor and more penetrable opening. Even then he could not be sure that he 
wished to enter that haunt of desertion and shadow, yet the pull of its 
strangeness dragged him on automatically. 

A yawning and unprotected cellar window in the rear furnished the needed 
aperture. Peering in, Blake saw a subterrene gulf of cobwebs and dust faintly 
litten by the western sun's filtered rays. Debris, old barrels, and ruined boxes and 
furniture of numerous sorts met his eye, though over everything lay a shroud of 
dust which softened all sharp outlines. The rusted remains of a hot-air furnace 
showed that the building had been used and kept in shape as late as mid- 
Victorian times. 

Acting almost without conscious initiative, Blake crawled through the window 
and let himself down to the dust-carpeted and debris-strewn concrete floor. The 
vaulted cellar was a vast one, without partitions; and in a corner far to the right, 
amid dense shadows, he saw a black archway evidently leading upstairs. He felt 
a peculiar sense of oppression at being actually within the great spectral 
building, but kept it in check as he cautiously scouted about- finding a still-intact 
barrel amid the dust, and rolling it over to the open window to provide for his 
exit. Then, bracing himself, he crossed the wide, cobweb-festooned space toward 
the arch. Half-choked with the omnipresent dust, and covered with ghostly 
gossamer fibres, he reached and began to climb the worn stone steps which rose 
into the darkness. He had no light, but groped carefully with his hands. After a 



571 



sharp turn he feh a closed door ahead, and a httle fumbHng revealed its ancient 
latch. It opened inward, and beyond it he saw a dimly illumined corridor lined 
with worm-eaten panelling. 

Once on the ground floor, Blake began exploring in a rapid fashion. All the inner 
doors were unlocked, so that he freely passed from room to room. The colossal 
nave was an almost eldritch place with its drifts and mountains of dust over box 
pews, altar, hour-glass pulpit, and sounding-board and its titanic ropes of 
cobweb stretching among the pointed arches of the gallery and entwining the 
clustered Gothic columns. Over all this hushed desolation played a hideous 
leaden light as the declining afternoon sun sent its rays through the strange, half- 
blackened panes of the great apsidal windows. 

The paintings on those windows were so obscured by soot that Blake could 
scarcely decipher what they had represented, but from the little he could make 
out he did not like them. The designs were largely conventional, and his 
knowledge of obscure symbolism told him much concerning some of the ancient 
patterns. The few saints depicted bore expressions distinctly open to criticism, 
while one of the windows seemed to show merely a dark space with spirals of 
curious luminosity scattered about in it. Turning away from the windows, Blake 
noticed that the cobwebbed cross above the altar was not of the ordinary kind, 
but resembled the primordial ankh or crux ansata of shadowy Egypt. 

In a rear vestry room beside the apse Blake found a rotting desk and ceiling-high 
shelves of mildewed, disintegrating books. Here for the first time he received a 
positive shock of objective horror, for the titles of those books told him much. 
They were the black, forbidden things which most sane people have never even 
heard of, or have heard of only in furtive, timorous whispers; the banned and 
dreaded repositories of equivocal secret and immemorial formulae which have 
trickled down the stream of time from the days of man's youth, and the dim, 
fabulous days before man was. He had himself read many of them- a Latin 
version of the abhorred Necronomicon, the sinister Liber Ivonis, the infamous 
Cultes des Goules of Comte d'Erlette, the Unaussprechlichen Kulten of von 
Junzt, and old Ludvig Prinn's hellish De Vermis Mysteriis. But there were others 
he had known merely by reputation or not at all- the Pnakotic Manuscripts, the 
Book of Dzyan, and a crumbling volume of wholly unidentifiable characters yet 
with certain symbols and diagrams shuddering recognizable to the occult 
student. Clearly, the lingering local rumours had not lied. This place had once 
been the seat of an evil older than mankind and wider than the known universe. 

In the ruined desk was a small leatherbound record-book filled with entries in 
some odd cryptographic medium. The manuscript writing consisted of the 
common traditional symbols used today in astronomy and anciently in alchemy. 



572 



astrology, and other dubious arts- the devices of the sun, moon, planets, aspects, 
and zodiacal signs- here massed in solid pages of text, with divisions and 
paragraphings suggesting that each symbol answered to some alphabetical letter. 

In the hope of later solving the cryptogram, Blake bore off this volume in his coat 
pocket. Many of the great tomes on the shelves fascinated him unutterably, and 
he felt tempted to borrow them at some later time. He wondered how they could 
have remained undisturbed so long. Was he the first to conquer the clutching, 
pervasive fear which had for nearly sixty years protected this deserted place 
from visitors? 

Having now thoroughly explored the ground floor, Blake ploughed again 
through the dust of the spectral nave to the front vestibule, where he had seen a 
door and staircase presumably leading up to the blackened tower and steeple- 
objects so long familiar to him at a distance. The ascent was a choking 
experience, for dust lay thick, while the spiders had done their worst in this 
constricted place. The staircase was a spiral with high, narrow wooden treads, 
and now and then Blake passed a clouded window looking dizzily out over the 
city. Though he had seen no ropes below, he expected to find a bell or peal of 
bells in the tower whose narrow, louvre-boarded lancet windows his field-glass 
had studied so often. Here he was doomed to disappointment; for when he 
attained the top of the stairs he found the tower chamber vacant of chimes, and 
clearly devoted to vastly different purposes. 

The room, about fifteen feet square, was faintly lighted by four lancet windows, 
one on each side, which were glazed within their screening of decayed louvre- 
boards. These had been further fitted with tight, opaque screens, but the latter 
were now largely rotted away. In the centre of the dust-laden floor rose a 
curiously angled stone pillar home four feet in height and two in average 
diameter, covered on each side with bizarre, crudely incised and wholly 
unrecognizable hieroglyphs. On this pillar rested a metal box of peculiarly 
asymmetrical form; its hinged lid thrown back, and its interior holding what 
looked beneath the decade-deep dust to be an egg-shaped or irregularly 
spherical object some four inches through. Around the pillar in a rough circle 
were seven high-backed Gothic chairs still largely intact, while behind them, 
ranging along the dark-panelled walls, were seven colossal images of crumbling, 
black-painted plaster, resembling more than anything else the cryptic carven 
megaliths of mysterious Easter Island. In one corner of the cobw ebbed chamber a 
ladder was built into the wall, leading up to the closed trap door of the 
windowless steeple above. 

As Blake grew accustomed to the feeble light he noticed odd bas-reliefs on the 
strange open box of yellowish metal. Approaching, he tried to clear the dust 



573 



away with his hands and handkerchief, and saw that the figurings were of a 
monstrous and utterly ahen kind; depicting entities which, though seemingly 
alive, resembled no known life-form ever evolved on this planet. The four-inch 
seeming sphere turned out to be a nearly black, red-striated polyhedron with 
many irregular flat surfaces; either a very remarkable crystal of some sort or an 
artificial object of carved and highly polished mineral matter. It did not touch the 
bottom of the box, but was held suspended by means of a metal band around its 
centre, with seven queerly-designed supports extending horizontally to angles of 
the box's inner wall near the top. This stone, once exposed, exerted upon Blake 
an almost alarming fascination. He could scarcely tear his eyes from it, and as he 
looked at its glistening surfaces he almost fancied it was transparent, with half- 
formed worlds of wonder within. Into his mind floated pictures of alien orbs 
with great stone towers, and other orbs with titan mountains and no mark of life, 
and still remoter spaces where only a stirring in vague blacknesses told of the 
presence of consciousness and will. 

When he did look away, it was to notice a somewhat singular mound of dust in 
the far corner near the ladder to the steeple. Just why it took his attention he 
could not tell, but something in its contours carried a message to his unconscious 
mind. Ploughing toward it, and brushing aside the hanging cobwebs as he went, 
he began to discern something grim about it. Hand and handkerchief soon 
revealed the truth, and Blake gasped with a baffling mixture of emotions. It was 
a human skeleton, and it must have been there for a very long time. The clothing 
was in shreds, but some buttons and fragments of cloth bespoke a man's grey 
suit. There were other bits of evidence- shoes, metal clasps, huge buttons for 
round cuffs, a stickpin of bygone pattern, a reporter's badge with the name of the 
old Providence Telegram, and a crumbling leather pocketbook. Blake examined 
the latter with care, finding within it several bills of antiquated issue, a celluloid 
advertising calendar for 1893, some cards with the name "Edwin M. Lillibridge", 
and a paper covered with pencilled memoranda. 

This paper held much of a puzzling nature, and Blake read it carefully at the dim 
westward window. Its disjointed text included such phrases as the following: 

Prof. Enoch Bowen home from Egypt May 1844 - buys old Free-Will Church in 
July - his archaeological work & studies in occult well known. 

Dr Drowne of 4th Baptist warns against Starry Wisdom in sermon 29 Dec. 1844. 

Congregation 97 by end of '45. 

1846 - 3 disappearances - first mention of Shining Trapezohedron. 



574 



7 disappearances 1848 - stories of blood sacrifice begin. 

Investigation 1853 comes to nothing - stories of sounds. 

Fr O'Malley tells of devil-worship with box found in great Egyptian ruins - says 
they call up something that can't exist in light. Flees a little light, and banished 
by strong light. Then has to be summoned again. Probably got this from 
deathbed confession of Francis X. Feeney, who had joined Starry Wisdom in '49. 
These people say the Shining Trapezohedron shows them heaven & other 
worlds, & that the Haunter of the Dark tells them secrets in some way. 

Story of Orrin B. Eddy 1857. They call it up by gazing at the crystal, & have a 
secret language of their own. 

200 or more in cong. 1863, exclusive of men at front. 

Irish boys mob church in 1869 after Patrick Regan's disappearance. 

Veiled article in J. 14 March '72, but people don't talk about it. 

6 disappearances 1876 - secret committee calls on Mayor Doyle. 

Action promised Feb. 1877 - church closes in April. 

Gang - Federal Hill Boys - threaten Dr - and vestrymen in May. 

181 persons leave city before end of '77 - mention no names. 

Ghost stories begin around 1880 - try to ascertain truth of report that no human 
being has entered church since 1877. 

Ask Lanigan for photograph of place taken 1851. . . 

Restoring the paper to the pocketbook and placing the latter in his coat, Blake 
turned to look down at the skeleton in the dust. The implications of the notes 
were clear, and there could be no doubt but that this man had come to the 
deserted edifice forty-two years before in quest of a newspaper sensation which 
no one else had been bold enough to attempt. Perhaps no one else had known of 
his plan - who could tell? But he had never returned to his paper. Had some 
bravely-suppressed fear risen to overcome him and bring on sudden heart- 
failure? Blake stooped over the gleaming bones and noted their peculiar state. 
Some of them were badly scattered, and a few seemed oddly dissolved at the 
ends. Others were strangely yellowed, with vague suggestions of charring. This 
charring extended to some of the fragments of clothing. The skull was in a very 



bib 



peculiar state - stained yellow, and with a charred aperture in the top as if some 
powerful acid had eaten through the solid bone. What had happened to the 
skeleton during its four decades of silent entombment here Blake could not 
imagine. 

Before he realized it, he was looking at the stone again, and letting its curious 
influence call up a nebulous pageantry in his mind. He saw processions of robed, 
hooded figures whose outlines were not human, and looked on endless leagues 
of desert lined with carved, sky-reaching monoliths. He saw towers and walls in 
nighted depths under the sea, and vortices of space where wisps of black mist 
floated before thin shimmerings of cold purple haze. And beyond all else he 
glimpsed an infinite gulf of darkness, where solid and semisolid forms were 
known only by their windy stirrings, and cloudy patterns of force seemed to 
superimpose order on chaos and hold forth a key to all the paradoxes and arcana 
of the worlds we know. 

Then all at once the spell was broken by an access of gnawing, indeterminate 
panic fear. Blake choked and turned away from the stone, conscious of some 
formless alien presence close to him and watching him with horrible intentness. 
He felt entangled with something- something which was not in the stone, but 
which had looked through it at him- something which would ceaselessly follow 
him with a cognition that was not physical sight. Plainly, the place was getting 
on his nerves- as well it might in view of his gruesome find. The light was 
waning, too, and since he had no illuininant with him he knew he would have to 
be leaving soon. 

It was then, in the gathering twilight, that he thought he saw a faint trace of 
luminosity in the crazily angled stone. He had tried to look away from it, but 
some obscure compulsion drew his eyes hack. Was there a subtle 
phosphorescence of radio-activity about the thing? What was it that the dead 
man 's notes had said concerning a Shining Trapezohedron? What, anyway, was 
this abandoned lair of cosmic evil? What had been done here, and what might 
still be lurking in the bird-shunned shadows? It seemed now as if an elusive 
touch of foetor had arisen somewhere close by, though its source was not 
apparent. Blake seized the cover of the long-open box and snapped it down. It 
moved easily on its alien hinges, and closed completely over the unmistakably 
glowing stone. 

At the sharp click of that closing a soft stirring sound seemed to come from the 
steeple's eternal blackness overhead, beyond the trap-door. Rats, without 
question- the only living things to reveal their presence in this accursed pile since 
he had entered it. And yet that stirring in the steeple frightened him horribly, so 
that he plunged almost wildly down the spiral stairs, across the ghoulish nave. 



576 



into the vaulted basement, out amidst the gathering dust of the deserted square, 
and down through the teeming, fear-haunted alleys and avenues of Federal Hill 
towards the sane